now why does this matter to human health ?
here &apos;s a diagram of the dopamine bottleneck of dolphin bay .
and i remember sitting at my desk , and i thought , &quot; well , i know . what a great scientific discovery , &quot; but it was so terrible .
they &apos;re closed over the world more and more and more and more often , and i think that &apos;s what we should leave .
at the beginning , i showed you how much we put the ecosystem of monterey bay on pollution and the conservation and all the problems of the problems .
yum yil : yuky battery , yay huhry .
about the same time his mother had asked him , &quot; do you know the book of michael morkingo ? &quot; &quot; battle &quot; ?
we were really afraid .
craig here moves the head .
you &apos;ll still see the skeleton .
and we have this ability .
it &apos;s got our modern way of doing something about its benefits , but i think we should recognize what price is .
clay shirky , this great chronic of all the interconnected , has the preconceptions that are being put on the test here , in this wonderful way .
today , there are so many new foundations that create speeches and investments that bring people together , together for a goal , in a greater context .
and i &apos;m hopeful because not only the philanthropy is organizing again , and other big parts of the social sectors , and business life , is the business as the business as the business as us .
i relate this photograph close to me . it &apos;s in my office , because i &apos;ve always felt a mystical connection to these two men , i &apos;ve never learned both of them .
my own research on cell phones and internet leaks show that 80 percent of all calls actually go to four people . 80 percent .
whenever you have a moment , you &apos;ll cut them together .
and with the modern bureaucracy , a very rational approach , where there was a clear separation between the private environment and the public environment .
we &apos;re worried that news news , texting , facebook of the human intimacy damage , but the stefana broadard research shows how the communications technologies can encourage deep passing relationships to convey love and labor guidelines .
one of the things we &apos;ve developed in the lab -- we &apos;ve developed several vehicles -- is , as we think , the first autonomous green car in the world .
for example , the declining brain tends to generate a lot of alpha waves .
not challenging task .
right now taxpayers spend about 60,000 a year sent to prison .
their family lives in a city for eight generations called whitenler , west virginia .
yeah .
we can create these local markets and incentives to use recycled materials as raw materials for processing .
and we all should be investing in it .
and he won sometimes , you don &apos;t think , on a rethal in los angeles -- one reason to love l.a. -- back in the 1940s .
i started my company to help communities across the country to use their existing potential to improve the entire quality of life in their people .
and before you don &apos;t have children , you won &apos;t understand what i mean . &quot;
these deaf people eventually discover people in the adult , &quot; community . &quot;
it always takes time .
it &apos;s just a punishment for a person , and somebody with down syndrome is not a person . &quot;
it &apos;s not far longer .
but i found out for me that i was the kids i was born , so love that i don &apos;t want to imagine a life without you .
he wouldn &apos;t get out of his legs .
i come from a privileged family . i &apos;ve been good luck .
it &apos;s about two weeks old . and there you are .
this is in the beginning of 2000 . my son , dimitri -- who &apos;s here today , many of you know the dimitri -- went to cambodia and created by our school , just when they were connected with the internet .
think about it -- because there are other people like bill gates who said , &quot; man , you &apos;ve got a real computer . &quot;
latin is quite rare . let &apos;s look at some languages .
and guess what ? we won it .
we &apos;re proposing to integrate no additional features to keep the prices possible .
for a vegetable plantation , my apartment is about as foreign as space .
and we can take care of the long term .
to speak from a fiscal cliff , i was told to be part , even though i don &apos;t know what the side is supporting or attacking .
prosperity is going to translate people that you should not call as unproductive .
there &apos;s bigger disagreements in the subject .
none of these important theories was a lot of success .
we fear the world is looking at .
and while a lot of these work , we found something , or i found something that really fascinated me , maybe you could remember it .
in fact , it &apos;s just happening here -- from light to darkness in six seconds .
i look at their faces very closely .
that &apos;s not an expression of the joy .
and this lady here has a particularly assidemic face , and both sides are beautiful .
this thing here , it flits light on it , if you move , so it gets a cold object , even though it stands silent -- just by how brilliant that is made by the reflection .
i had to move that part , but only about one millimeter .
and one of the things i showed you before was a very complex one .
it wins or loses at that moment .
the emotional band between this object and them is an electrochemical party trick that happens before they even think about it .
i don &apos;t think we need to meet this choice .
it &apos;s also a thought that we &apos;ve forgotten .
i need it to return to the tradition of serving .
we don &apos;t think again .
and at the end of the conversation , they all stand up and say , &quot; thank you , plato , thank you shakespeare , thank you jane striast . &quot;
the other thing is that art is not supposed to explain that artists shouldn &apos;t tell their movements because when they missed them , it destroyed the magic , and we might be able to find it too .
art would be one of the tools we can improve our society .
we may not agree with what religions want to teach us , but we can admire the institutional species that they do .
absolutely . i meet like many of you , on people who say , &quot; isn &apos;t there something bigger than us all , something else ? &quot;
because you &apos;ve been 90 percent , because you have a similar view of so many things , and you &apos;re very excited about this place .
so he led me from places like chile -- the atacama desert in chile -- after siberia , in underground mines , in the japanese alps , in north america , to antarctica and even the south pole .
it &apos;s the largest lake of the world . it &apos;s 2,000 miles long .
and they won &apos;t believe it , but this is going to be an immensely large telescope .
this hut was built by robert falcon scott and his men , when they came to antarctica , on their first expedition to the south pole .
remember , these whole wiring people make people in extreme cold , down to below zero temperatures .
that &apos;s an interesting statement , and i end up with it .
what people do first is book reader , who you can search with in the book , and that &apos;s fun .
there were quite a lot of people there .
but how do we scan all of them ?
we reached the 10 cents a page when we work with large volumes .
i &apos;m not sure what suggests right now .
it puts about two or three bands a day .
with 15 dollars an hour of video , and about 100 to 150 dollars an hour of cellulid film , we can put materials online in the internet and have it in the net .
the question is : is this the world we want to live in ?
flowers are becoming accurate .
we all know that the earth has problems .
after the form of spores , they shut down .
when you go through the landscape , it &apos;s going to go up into your shoes and try to react to the smell .
across all land masses .
some of these mushrooms are very happy .
it &apos;s an extraordinarily rare fusion .
i did something that nobody else had done .
the box of life -- you get a dvd from the ted conference -- you give earth to it and water , and you have both mycorrhiza and endangered fungi , as well as the musical mushrooms .
i &apos;ve also lived in biosphere 2 .
we wanted to know : is life adaptive enough ?
i somehow kind of eaten myself from myself .
and the doctor studied us to ensure whether it was really good .
and they all went to me .
heerread , used to be part of ethiopia , is one of these places that are incredibly beautiful and incredibly carried , and i have no idea how people can live there .
this , this beautiful picture , this is the amazonas .
this is actually an area of intelligence .
i had to think about how to sleep and cut , but also about how to choose the right person that comes into an ad hall .
you made the break , you took blood off , you put blood on the blood , looked at it under the microscope , put the culture , injected the antisact .
but we need a box crew , box crews for patients .
and that &apos;s how medicine sometimes feels .
we looked at the skyscrapers , we looked at the air supply industry , and we found that they have technology and education , and then they have something else : they have checklists .
and it &apos;s hard to spread .
so these are really incredibly many bees , and that &apos;s very important .
so that means that beekeepers can replace their dead people very well , and so they could keep losses .
they take their beehives and they put their families one to twice a year .
honeybees are in the minority .
if we take a cave in new york with a framework of 15,000 bats , now it &apos;s 1,000 . it &apos;s like san francisco in three years , the population of half the circuitry .
now , not all of us have a meadow or a lawn that we can turn around , of course , and that &apos;s how you can , of course , plant a meadow in a tour .
and i whistled on my wife &apos;s family as well as my wife &apos;s family .
and to defend my title -- like joke and other sports , i thought , i do it again , and i won it again .
it &apos;s very promising .
why ?
the blue whale , the largest living animal on our planet . that &apos;s wrong , completely wrong .
during the night , they roll their leaves and reduce the movement , and during the day , the leaves will open -- there &apos;s a lot more movement .
he wrote some very interesting letters to one of his friends , j.d. honey , at the time the president of the royal society , which is the largest scientific authority in the u.k. , where he was talking about a plant brain .
so far , the human human was only inspired by people or animals , when he made a robot .
she doesn &apos;t know she &apos;s being filmed .
and when it became a shared experience , it was funny and something you could laugh about .
i was inspired by it .
this is again in 2005 .
they got two of my guys who had hidden cameras in rice assumptions .
it &apos;s a wonderful way of spending a weeks of weeks of weeks to look at a stadium in a stadium .
the idea is still in the beginnings , but it looks like this .
this is ted .
and this is the bang that i want to break .
now , children who are not announced yet are a special case .
they are a kind of torosaurus .
the discoveries of natural selection are genius , incredibly genius .
this is what we did on this plan .
the ant is not alone .
you &apos;ve just heard this guy .
i really appreciate that .
well i don &apos;t think so .
now we should take it metaphorically .
it &apos;s the devil that speaks . &quot;
so they &apos;re actually a chord , each of them is an individual chord .
men , if you don &apos;t understand anything from this talk , it tries to listen to expansion and you can change your relationships .
the third problem with headphones is the deafness -- saving gravity .
sound is a wonderful way of doing it .
i &apos;ll leave you with another volunteer , that &apos;s very good for you .
he said , &quot; i don &apos;t know , but i can show it to you . &quot;
look what &apos;s in the middle .
you look that way , so i &apos;ll close it here .
we were sending this type of materials .
it &apos;s actually seven billion hands of hands that are all about their own passion , and they all come together as part of a mosquito and create the world -- in their backyard and in their kitchen .
and yet , you can hear black holes , even though they &apos;re invisible , and the reason is that they play in space time like on a drum .
our sun is not going to end as black hole .
now we &apos;ve never seen a shadow of a black hole , but black holes can hear , even though they &apos;re invisible .
we can predict how that will sound .
there should also be a mission for space that hopefully is going to start within the next 10 years . it &apos;s called lisa .
it &apos;s getting closer and closer -- 40,000 years ago we &apos;ve had caves .
trees impose silence .
that &apos;s what i think movement .
we are critical about the west , the view of the west , what &apos;s going on our identity -- the image of what we &apos;re drawn about , about our women , about our politics , about our religion .
but instead , i found a country that was completely ideological and i didn &apos;t realize anymore .
that iran was once a global society , and we had democracy , and that democracy became stolen by the american government and the british government .
i stand here to say that the iranian women found a new voice , and their voice gives me my voice .
this self should be a big , a correlation , focus .
there is no american compassion .
maybe the swami is right .
they learn swimming . they learn wheel driving through wheel .
the fossil of this animal will only find in this area in south america -- a beautiful clear field here -- and in this part of africa .
you just look at these videos . if you get bored , you just keep going .
but i was thrilled , and i kept doing this .
the khan academy videos are also there .
and this is shifting and reflecting on functions .
red means they &apos;re bounding .
a lot of the effort is to make the classroom more human for the students to go to teachers .
and the collaboration you had with los altos , how did the state come from ?
is it ready for the big bang ?
i got a call from a horse whistle a couple of months ago .
but it &apos;s very silent , like a stupid one . &quot;
she said , &quot; who is this charles bonnet ? &quot;
for example , when his grandchildren went to visit him , he said , &quot; and who are these good young men ? &quot;
and then , when they stayed in , the boy would suddenly go to the top , 30 feet tall , and disappeared .
these properties of a dialogue are not in these charles bonnet hallucinations .
there &apos;s a region in the procedure part of this kind of thing that &apos;s being represented in the teeth and the eyes , and that part of the celebration is active when people have made the hallucinations .
&quot; kermit doesn &apos;t mean me . &quot;
sometimes i find them interesting . and i have many pictures of it in my notebooks .
edith widder : i made these shots with a special camera , which adapted the sensibility of the darkness to the darkness .
for example , these crabs , for example , make bioluminescent materials into the water , just like the squid or scratch a squash .
this looks like a plant , actually , but it &apos;s an animal .
there &apos;s a little bit of a little reacting to this .
it should attack the predator of the calm .
so one approach would be to draw a picture .
if we resolve the double helix in their two strands , they see that these things look like teeth .
it &apos;s packed and involved .
one is wrapped into a ceremony .
once again , these are all accurate , scientific displays .
hold your eyes open and your head in motion .
the ability to seek concepts with pictures of objects and processes .
if the topics are still very thin , they can become careful and hard work to be in the world .
i &apos;m here to encourage you to help us change the way people and other creatures make things .
didn &apos;t come through the printing press , but enabled by collective action that comes from literacy .
the other great narrative of social dilemmata is the tragedy of the whole .
toyota , instead of playing his worms against each other , they treat it like a network and train them to produce better , even though they train them to produce better for their competition .
thank you .
thank you .
so we &apos;re doing two different things .
in fact , it &apos;s all about frostbite and difficulty running and breathing -- cold , challenging conditions .
we first developed a little experiment where we gave people legends of legends and asked them to build something .
and if they said yes , we gave them a new given , and while they built this , we have the other thing that they built right now .
there was a very nice relationship between love to legos and the number of legos .
and i think the ceo basically didn &apos;t understand how important meaning is .
but i should point out , by the way , that in the shredder , people could have cheated .
people didn &apos;t want them .
and we had two types of people .
now think about children .
and i think that in the industrial revolution adam smith was right as karl marx , but we &apos;ve actually equipped . and now we &apos;re in the knowledge of knowledge .
this is completely normal in modern conflict , because children are getting very easily in the war .
but the vietnamese of my mother was so bad that she to make our story credibilities , all the young and girls gave new vietnamese names .
afghanistan is one of the poorest countries in the world , and 70 percent of the population is illiterate .
they didn &apos;t want to do that . it just happened . they lost control .
and 70 percent won their lives back .
i think it all gave me energy .
this is the european average average .
on the top right , baldine has the same energy consumption per person , in kind of like canada , over 300 light bulbs per person , but the population density is 300 times larger , 1,000 people per square kilometer .
if you really want to get a lot of solar cells out of solar cells , you would have to cover the traditional bay methods where you don &apos;t just cover the roof , but also the landscape with solar cells .
and a third alternative is nuclear power .
i tried it . it works . some call it a lifestyle change .
already , as a boy , since the early days of children , i wanted to be a musician and god thank you , i &apos;ve become it too .
he &apos;s a boy from a community in caracas , who did his contrast in the junior chest chest chess , passion .
that encourages them to pack new dreams , new goals and progress in the different opportunities that have music .
this is a happy technology that helps you to take the right task at the right time .
what are we calling simple , interruptive technologies , and this is the first of five sentences that i &apos;m going to talk about in this talk .
this is what happened this year . she went into the netherlands .
it &apos;s the first word doctor .
many of these generation are not going to press the button , even if you have a nose , because you don &apos;t want to fall to the lake , even if you paid 30 dollars a month for that .
the color makes different rooms in the house .
i &apos;m going to show you some of the latest and fossilized inventions of cybercriminals .
if you want your rivalries to go down , you will .
how do you get a usb stick to get yourself into a company ?
so let &apos;s imagine that our attackers that we call out of fun hackers have something to build .
there are some other interesting contributions that the cybercriminals have uploaded .
well , you probably wonder what happened to these guys .
at 761 of them , i could identify hotels where they were very recently identified with point of precision somewhere around the globe .
thank you .
the old animals can see the juveniles , the juveniles can see the old animals .
and you &apos;re in something which is probably the blood vessels that go through the bones .
we all know that these bones are devastated , and when you dive into acid , there shouldn &apos;t be anything left .
the non-stop dinosaurs are the big , tough ones that are extinct .
transparency is really cool .
a friend , a colleague , dr. hans larson , at the mumbll university , was also engaging at the attraction of atavction .
people always say , &quot; why do you do that ?
and finally , i started writing my book to show the global scale of this problem , which shows a representation of the individual nations after food waste in every country in the world .
so imagine these nine cookies that i found in the trash represents the global food supply , okay ? at the beginning , we have nine .
so this building was invested 16,000 pounds in the building of spaters , which he didn &apos;t harvest a sheet , because a little grassroots potatoes that are not perfect , will feed the pigs .
it &apos;s a living organism , i cut a piece down , put it into a vase , and it kept another two weeks .
and if you use these things , you don &apos;t need to make sooo .
i &apos;ll go through a couple . buddies .
left to thyonam .
we &apos;ve got to change the stuff .
here &apos;s einstein , low bow , the great fermatic sentence , and i &apos;m not sure whether this is james cabs or richard harris .
and you can see the icosahedron disappear in the dodecahedron , and then they just merg together .
what a good cat .
before the horse .
&quot; 10 milligrams , 20 milligrams . &quot;
so , i said , if i take a circle , see what patterns come out of it , and boom , the red system .
you must be right ! it &apos;s about measurements , extensions .
there were only two other sms on the internet at that time .
i &apos;ll talk later on to that .
i &apos;m talking about putting everything on the &quot; office , &quot; which would be like a call of your kab , but for the whole world .
it could definitely be made by people here from the audience .
for example , if we had a chance for tedxparis 350 years ago , we would have talked about the current innovations of the military , about the massive foundations like deaf , and we could have predicted an era of stability in the
well , in this environment , where you don &apos;t know whether the potential enemy was prepared in defense or attack , and whether the weapons are able to attack the attack , that environment is what is the most important thing to make a conflict .
it &apos;s a huge blue area .
so if you &apos;ve ever imagined to go back in time to see what a dinosaur might have seen , this is what a dinosaur looks like .
she can &apos;t always shoot their fingers all the time ; she &apos;s got to let the pants down .
he never wants to leave in a particular girl .
what i did was i was an adventure .
you don &apos;t have to worry that readers fall in odds , because if you have a talk of shark , you &apos;re going to take your doubt back on the front door .
you get a kind of urgency , find as much as possible as possible as possible .
my description was wonderful voting : unacceptable the wild and public work .
that means that i combine my love with math and the magic to make something that i call &quot; math magic . &quot;
audience : 25 .
audience : 987 .
audience : seven . seven .
good . i try the impossible -- or at least unlikely .
audience : november . how many ?
of course , i could think of an answer , and you wouldn &apos;t know . i &apos;m prepared for that .
ok , oh , ok -- you also have a 10-minute calculator ?
let me explain what that is .
i would love to talk about astronomy , but i think the number of people who are interested in radiation in non-grabs atmospheric atmospheres and air conditioning in the upper atmosphere of jupiter is the number of people who are in
no , if you want to know what society is going to be like in 20 years , you ask a child .
just two weeks ago , i -- you know , i made little , middle-class and big bottles for the exhibition .
my mentor . he came up and spent spent hours of an hour with me .
i take jetroom .
right ? that &apos;s simple physics .
if you look at it in the book , it &apos;s actually 343 .
and i think , ahh , the square of the length is proportional to the periodic table .
you would think , with all this extra space , we would have a lot of space for all of our stuff .
it &apos;s time that i separated from this .
would that give me a little more freedom ?
north of churchill , manufacturing , there &apos;s no ice on the hudson bay .
it took a lot of years of participating particle stories before i really started realizing that i didn &apos;t fully understand it .
frank wilson wrote a book written by &quot; the hand . &quot;
so what does that play for your brain ?
this took a very long time -- i had to get homer , and i had to get him through the fmri and save more times , but as a graduate student , he has a shrimp .
their own personal game story is unique and often nothing we think about .
it &apos;s characterized by a sense of energetic focus , complete contracts and success .
how do you prevent the media to interpret their work or interpret science , which is now implicitly impaired , like the mozart panels , like , &quot; oh , the murder -- that games grow the intelligence .
the difference between our tone and the country &apos;s country is that we &apos;re actually a presence .
br : and then , after a short dubbed in liquid nitrogen , to get these perfect brown weapons , we really have something that looks , it tastes , it tastes like the original .
but for the ipcc in paris , his report about people caused climate change together .
alisa miller : the news of the news
it enables you to look at the negative forms that you create , while you go into your everyday institutions .
so for this project , we &apos;ve developed a kind of smart sculpture chart .
no matter where i &apos;m -- it &apos;s got a process that &apos;s trying to fix my eyes .
in the inside , a 400 kilogram of robots that i &apos;ve gotten out of , by a friend .
at the time there were thousands of people who were infected with hiv .
: academia : deep in a remote region of cameron , two hunters are pursuing their prey .
but you &apos;ll also ask you a different question of probability .
but if we came in these infinite dove , we found that no one was sitting there watching television , she didn &apos;t know his face .
in fact , saying that these viruses in the past probably are extinct in these latest societies in these latest societies .
you &apos;re telling them what you &apos;re doing , using 140 characters or less and people who are interested in that .
we built a programming system , which means that programmers can write software that interact with twitter .
&quot; ... you give people more information , and follow their intuitions at @ ted . &quot;
because all i had read was books where people were inner , i was convinced that books had to contain from nature , from nature , and they had to act from things that i couldn &apos;t identify .
all i &apos;ve heard about her was how poor they were , so that it was impossible for me to see them than arm .
and slowly i realized that my american roommate has heard different versions of this single story and saw different versions of this single story , just like this professor that told me that my novel was not &quot; authentic african . &quot;
if you start the history of the north american africans with the nurses , and not at the arrival of the british , you tell a very different story .
i always had the feeling that it was impossible to engage right with a place or a person if you don &apos;t work with all the stories of this place or this person .
i &apos;ll give every summer of writing in lagos , and i think it &apos;s amazing how many people want to write , how many people want to write to tell stories .
in a recently advanced experiment , at a group of adults , the brains were scanned in a mri machine -- while people listened to experts .
why my doctor got my doctor , when i was surgery , &quot; woman herz , adapt that they don &apos;t get hypertension ? &quot; instead of that , he could have been able to say that i have to look at not a high fever
my father is sick at alzheimer &apos;s disease .
and reading is so good as impossible .
it &apos;s even hard .
so we need to orient to the physical and economic limits .
and then in the sense , we &apos;ve also mapped our promise .
if you have trouble looking at what it means for the average consumer in the united states in the current economic environment .
if you want a fish , you get a woman , and if you need a woman , you get a fish . &quot;
and if it &apos;s a longer trip , you can still change the battery and go on on the island .
this is in the united states today &apos;s day consumption .
in india , you don &apos;t understand where the problem is , because most indians dance only two or three gallons .
all we need is 10 percent of generating energy .
we don &apos;t put it right now . maybe we &apos;ll keep the children free and keep the slaves .
the arguments of the what i call the id theorist is the same old arguments that have been rejected over and over again , since darwin &apos;s time to the day .
the darwinian natural selection is so amazing , because it &apos;s the problem of explaining complexity in form of nothing else as simplicity .
now the next one is , &quot; the president of the royal society has given a strong internal belief , &quot; -- -- that an asteroid killed the dinosaurs . &quot;
it feels in an arrangement of minority , but how do american atheists actually pay numbers together ?
i haven &apos;t seen any numbers for the topics of other fields like history or philosophy , but i would be amazed if you were different .
darwin was the idea that atheism is right and good for the intelligent that the most people , but probably , is quote , &quot; not behave for it . &quot;
if people like -- if atheists like stephen hawking and albert einstein use the word &quot; god , &quot; they use it , of course , as a practical metaphor for this deep , mystic part of physics that we don &apos;t understand yet .
and the start was about 500 dollars , in about the value of 10,000 today &apos;s dollars .
before , wireless had a person who had license , you translate in an area , and it had to decide whether it was on license or ownership .
just because there &apos;s a certain meaning to me , or if you &apos;re involved , like wikipedia , you have a certain set of social relationships .
i don &apos;t have slides , so you &apos;ll have to get involved with me .
a study of economic composition for africa has shown that there &apos;s a clear lawyer in 28 african countries .
the state should not be embedded in the production of the services and services because it &apos;s inefficient and unacceptable in this area .
but what it eliminated immediately was the variations that were doing our economic development -- that &apos;s the way the oil price was up , our economy grew very quickly .
we do the same in insurance sector .
that &apos;s why i wish you would see this .
he called her , &quot; massive fate discontinuity , &quot; which means that they could kill up to 100 million people in the next 50 years .
until recently , we didn &apos;t need to know how a vaccine was accurate .
the main challenge for these two viruses is that they change all the time .
these drugs are not cure , but they represent a huge triumph of science , because they have the automated death judgment of hiv diagnostics at least for those who have access to them .
but you know , the research that was happening to hiv has been helped us with progress for other diseases .
this was a slow , tricky process that was dependent on chicken eggs , millions of living chicken eggs .
and at the end of radical production , and the huge cost of e. coli method , for example , i &apos;ve just talked about -- look at wonr time -- that would be saved .
so the challenge is full force .
the question is : why ?
do you think the african union will organize such a conference ?
there are some things you need to know .
the speaker that was on the stage here on stage , idid mohamed , was praying that we had dog-shifting leaders in africa .
by stealing it from your suffering people .
traditionally , africans hate governments -- they hate tyranny .
they decide what they &apos;re doing .
he doesn &apos;t get a help from the government , and he &apos;s building a second , larger boat .
something that would connect us all together .
scott &apos;s results were full of it .
and the challenge for algorithmic filters , these personalized filters , is that they promote this balance , because they &apos;re going to go , especially after that , what you click on first .
it &apos;s supposed to make us new ideas and new people and foreign perspectives .
and the man replied , &quot; quite beautiful , what ? &quot;
i know you &apos;re waiting for other bad environmental stories -- i &apos;m just doing fun -- but now i &apos;m going to get a quick repetition , and then i &apos;ll show you new materials about possible solutions .
until the fiber art in may is going to give you an update on version 2.0 , where you can then click directly to the buy of abundance .
again , all of the republicans here : it shouldn &apos;t go about side politics .
what really impressed me to the people in the gulf is they &apos;re excellent water .
and there &apos;s no way no one ever tries , except some people trying to use the beach .
we &apos;ve become committed that bacteria eat oil ?
these dolphins float across the ocean .
when the japanese pearl harbor bombard bombsight , they attended at least .
i don &apos;t want to make a very abundant statement about people that clean birds .
okay , people who call themselves conservative if they wanted to be really conservative and really patricultural and really patriarchical , they should send these corporations to the threshold .
it &apos;s right and wrong .
and i developed a system to produce medical isotopes .
all right , i &apos;m more than my genes , &quot; all together .
i didn &apos;t ask you to draw because it &apos;s true , but to remember it .
they contain a molecule that we know as a neurotransmitter .
and this is just a mice brain . it &apos;s much smaller than a human gear .
well , neurons , as well as trees , can grow new branches and lose old .
and we can even talk about consciousness .
if you worm that number , you can easily suggest that there &apos;s a huge potential for failure in the brain .
perhaps this technology is going to be able to know that we know ourselves from apart from each other and put together our own brain .
he &apos;s mostly working on music videos and ads with his company , the direct director .
so we prepared a quick experiment here to show you that .
ks : no , not yet .
while he did , he noticed an unexpected thing .
ks : how does this work : there &apos;s a matrix of slums .
ridiculous , right ?
and a few months ago , a friend sent me a link to this guy , eduardo sousa .
a big snap for a couple of weeks .
but he still did that .
so his farm is incredible .
and then he found this wild plant , the lupendence .
and then they fly in the circle .
i finally came to try them before i went .
no salt , no pearl ball , no oil , no wine .
what the hell does that mean ?
at least presumably , i believe it &apos;s .
and farmers who rely on nature to find solutions to find answers instead of nature to do solutions .
and moving from the old to new fire is to change two great stories about oil and electricity that both give two fifth of the fossil carbon to the air .
our fuel for mobility goes to three fifth of cars .
you can leave it quietly : it &apos;s harder than titan .
trucks and airplanes can use realistic hydrogen or advanced biofuels .
even better light and office , and that &apos;s what the maximum bandwidth does at a third .
in about 20 states , private installation cheap solar cells have without financial losses on their roofs and reduce their free costs .
and whatever we replace it , it &apos;s going to cost about six billion dollars in capital value -- whether we buy more of what we have or new nuclear power and so called clever coal , or renewable , which is more or less centralized
so to focus on results , and not motivations , to focus , reports and conflict can lead to america &apos;s energy problems .
later , i realized that what i was eating was two days of his whole family .
this simple transmitter shows that donors in areas where the least children go to school have not funded schools . this brings up new questions . do aid get those who need most ?
two years ago , on april 8th , 2010 , i called my father .
i &apos;m not trying to design the toothbrush .
we remember , and can this look out in every book of my ten-year-old son that life emerged four billion years ago -- four billion commod two ?
like that , i &apos;m not quite sure .
there &apos;s risks ; there &apos;s falling . a trap : the embedded .
you have time to think , you have time to do something about art and talk about things like that .
you go back to the future , back back , back , like that .
they &apos;re all coming from families where often one person is home , usually the mother or grandmother , and they come for their education and their structure here .
we &apos;re bringing them to the right and on the left so that they can stock up and know the consequences when they missed orders .
let them all go online . &quot;
it &apos;s predictable .
they said , &quot; that &apos;s enough for government work .
then you can support us . that &apos;s the task of guys . &quot;
but i have to have my hotdog .
you can listen and talk .
so for example , take the automobile fold .
if you think about the concept of wikipedia where everybody works on the content , and at the end , you &apos;ve created the largest encyclopedia in the world .
there are many people who have the same dream .
a website was built .
there was no leader .
extremism became tolerance .
the modern tools of neuroscience show us that what &apos;s happening is an incredibly complex process .
we can keep our own language apart , but not the stranger languages .
we tested this by talking about american babies who had never heard a second language at the beginning of the critical phase .
it looks like a habitat of mars .
science on the one hand has a very rational approach to their environment , as art on the other side usually has an emotional approach to its environment .
now i have a live demonstration over here to show you that .
let me demonstrate this over here .
the dalai lama once said , &quot; love and compassion are necessary .
the railroads were taken by a little girl whose body was burned massively .
it &apos;s part of every human living experience .
and if compassion is so good for us , why don &apos;t we choose with compassion ?
the wound is flying out of magtops .
imagine square numbers , and honestly , who doesn &apos;t like it ?
we start with a 171 square , and then we put another 1x12 square .
then there was aron kamen , a palestine american .
i said , &quot; he &apos;s been dead .
&quot; did i blow it up ? &quot; &quot; i &apos;ve got no memo . what &apos;s going to happen ? &quot;
i said , &quot; what do you do here ? &quot;
so i went to the lobby and saw this indian guy .
marco tempest : if you asked him for deception , he said , &quot; vagram : magic is the only honor job .
where is the queen ?
i &apos;m going to demonstrate to you how closely terrorism is connected to our daily lives .
at the time i interviewed the red brigades , i also discovered that their lives were not designed by ideology and politics , but of economic constraints .
i think a lot of people were even holding me a little bit .
but most importantly , they moved into serious business relationships with organized crime .
this money was managed in suitcase and conservation -- in bar , understand it .
nobody wants the u.s. finance to control its relationship and monitor his business relationships with customers .
now some of you may think , &quot; wait a minute . she doesn &apos;t necessarily look like a high-sea terrain .
clearly , i wanted to leave my comfort , but what i didn &apos;t somehow realize was that it &apos;s extremely uncomfortable to leave his wealth .
and i really learned that the bigger the challenge , the bigger the feeling of special performance , when you get to the end .
well , i thought the atlantic was big , but the pacific is really big .
but it wasn &apos;t without failure .
it &apos;s this little green disk on the horizon , which makes it very nervous because of the rise of sea level .
we can start to make better , smarter , more sustainable decisions .
david savage : why i &apos;m rowing across the pacific
this is the world trade center center on the cover .
why ? why ? why would you want to do that ?
he doesn &apos;t see excess costs . he doesn &apos;t use extra time .
they were able to make it .
and at the end of it it &apos;s comfort , it &apos;s about feeling good about places that you didn &apos;t feel good before .
and that &apos;s hard if you don &apos;t know who you are .
and i asked myself , how can it be so easy to give up my dreams ?
it &apos;s not so hard to put someone in the school , and one day before the school , i said , &quot; well , you can write my homework , &quot; and i gave him the wrong answers that i had written in the night before .
we were both placed on the back of the class in class so we wouldn &apos;t be bombarded with paper bars .
you may have brought your prevalence and broken teeth , but never tell it , because how can you tell yourself if all around you wants to bury you beneath you ?
that &apos;s french science .
all right , then go .
if you look at this truck , it &apos;s the largest truck of its way on earth .
it &apos;s also one reason why it &apos;s the biggest and the fastest growing resource of co2 in canada , and it &apos;s the reason why canada now is the number three in terms of co2 production per capita .
and as a father , i can &apos;t imagine what a soul does .
and by doing that , we &apos;re going to take a big part of our biggest carbon foot and replace them with most greenhouse gases of the future of the future .
the main object of their work is the binary that you can buy in every store and bring the millions of indian women every day , and it &apos;s a ritual that is closely related to the institution of marriage .
ralioia shaw was born in cocaa , raised in kash and trained in london .
i hope to convince you that complex and complicated is not always the same .
the node is the one that we want to influence -- public support for government .
so in my first tedtalk , i suggested that we should spend 21 billion hours a week on video games .
only three minutes online games per day are wealthy for a significant improvement of mood and long-term increase in happiness .
why a game ?
how could such trivial game have such a huge effect in so serious , sometimes life-threatening situations ?
there are four types of strength or resilience that contributes to post-traumatic growth , and there are scientifically promising things that you can do every day to build these resilience , you don &apos;t need a trauma .
it &apos;s empowered by more practice .
here &apos;s another secret to you : if you shake someone for six seconds , oxytocin will increase much higher in your blood , the familiar hormone .
and in this project , we actually now put hundreds of people around the world and doing this with us , and actually thousands of people are involved in this project , in many of his different aspects .
and then a few people from chicago came and said , &quot; end 2007 is the chicago pharmaceutical festival , global warming , and we have a 280 square gallery , and we want you to fill it with your
wool and nazes aren &apos;t just two concepts that fit well .
and dacld asked , &quot; how can i define parallel lines ? &quot;
infinitely . you &apos;ve noticed . that &apos;s exactly what it is .
so , from wool , from wobfram , home man , the evidence that the most famous postest of mathematics is wrong .
and their individual ideas , and their employment with this mathematical method .
this particular recursive property -- the self-awareness -- is the holy grail of neuroscience , neuroscience , and eventually we &apos;ll understand what &apos;s going on .
this person &apos;s otherwise understood and intelligent , but when he sees his mother , his delusion takes away , and he says it &apos;s not his mother .
so if this area is damaged , you lose the ability to see faces .
the tables and chairs -- nothing happens , just like normal people , so if i show him a picture of his mother , the electricity is low .
he knows that his arm is not there . nonetheless , it &apos;s a convincing , sensory experience .
maybe you can get the phantom that &apos;s solving the phantom of the phantom limbs .
and my pain is gone . &quot;
he said , &quot; no , the last three days i had no phantom , and therefore no phantom is more in the elbow , no commitment , no phantom in the underarm . all my pains are gone .
coris is blue , fishing is green , another sound could be yellow .
that &apos;s the key .
which is kiki , which is buba ?
their sexual behavior is too similar to what most of us don &apos;t agree with .
this is kanzi .
none of the things you &apos;re going to see in this video are trained .
good job .
he learned that if he protected both hands with his targeted sticks , he can make much bigger and more skilled .
a framework means a hut in the forest .
is he looking where the sound comes from ?
because we believe it &apos;s not biology , it &apos;s culture .
and some stars are dying in spectacular supernova explosions that leave those kinds of reservations .
and on the right-hand side , gravity . einstein explains this .
and beyond that , it makes new types of change .
it was too early , but it was a moral trend , an inspiration for scientists who were worried about control of the weapons .
suppose extraterrestrial creatures would have seen our black dot from far beyond the cosmos and not only 40 years , but the entire 4.5 billion years of earth &apos;s history .
martin rerere : is this our last century ?
and it gets worse , &quot; i would do a photograph of it and make a dozen high-speed glue .
well , these are students , so they gave a lot of the money for things like humps and makeup .
and then we asked them how happy they are .
but very different motivations .
these are sells teams in belgium .
the teams that we gave for money to spend on each other , became other teams and dominates at the end , actually the liga .
if we listen to the war number today , from high speech , we often believe that this is another one of these amazing conflicts of the middle east , which is as old as the region itself .
ironically , it was at a time when the main interest of iran was peace with washington , and not destruction of israel .
this is an analogy that is imposing to take diplomacy out of the way , which is disappointing diplomacy , is inevitable .
you can look at certain use of use , or you can look at the different regions and compare them .
the map of port auprince at the end of 2009 was not as good as she could have been , not as good as the map of california .
it &apos;s the trick .
and to explanate , she kept saying , &quot; he wasn &apos;t a environmentalist . &quot;
this system is going to keep the status quo , also the status quo of an invasive government .
so it &apos;s not that my issue is the most important . it &apos;s not .
we can &apos;t do anything . &quot;
lawrence lessig : us , citizens , must have the republic of return
for example , some people in this room will be left with sputnik with a scholarship .
that &apos;s anyway on my pen . &quot;
everyone is just a little bit wrong .
i don &apos;t want to say that the law of entropy is not true , it &apos;s true .
here in the model you see the predator of the predator .
when you see fireflies in north america , they &apos;re like so many things in the united states , they ignore each other .
each of your heart beats depends on this critical region , the sincerries that have over 10,000 independent cells that every single one has , an electronic rhythm -- a high tension , a low -- to send the procedures a signal to
they &apos;ve been synchrony for a while , so drifts apart .
so i want to show you first a couple of interviews with people who were going to the opening of the bridge and describe what happened .
now you don &apos;t usually think of it as an metronome , but we &apos;re all running -- we &apos;re all going to go and go back and go back .
am : this is just a few tons , so she &apos;s going pretty fast .
it &apos;s the most valued scientist in its area .
i didn &apos;t say what the list was , but she was in alphabet order , and i told them they were looking for their names , their family storms , or the girl name of their mother .
and also , perhaps this fueler apple or maybe a females that are not worthy at the moment , a resilience against disease or pest , or another property that is useful for climate change , and not having others .
we &apos;re going to see children staring on tv .
so the idea of svalbard was that it &apos;s cold there , so you have natural temperatures under the frustration .
and if anything happens , you can come and pick it up .
thank you .
watch your body posture ! this is not right .
maybe any lady , a lady ? thank you .
you &apos;ve tried only two concepts -- two in the u.s. , and one at the russians .
madness ! i have to talk short about innovation cycles -- things develop , there &apos;s a lot of activity , and then they &apos;re replaced by something else , and they &apos;re dying .
i can &apos;t tell you when it goes , because i don &apos;t want the competition to know my time plan .
i mean something really interesting that &apos;s going to happen here .
ok , let &apos;s talk a little bit about commercial development development .
it &apos;s like the air .
and after a couple of years , he &apos;s ready to give up , but one day he has an epiphany .
institutions become &quot; naked , &quot; and when you &apos;re naked , you know , it &apos;s got the consequences .
the fourth meaning of openness and the fourth principle is power .
the toothpaste is out of the tube .
you know that bees and fish live in swarms .
and all around us , a medical revolution is happening , a revolution that is going to help us defeat some of the worst diseases of our society , with including cancer .
this is a tumor , dark , gray , an unacceptable mass , growing in a brain .
and you can see that the ring of blood supply disappears after treatment .
but the real question is : how good does this work in practice ?
here &apos;s what happens when we add a earthquake . it prevents angiogenesis in very effective ways .
but even more interestingly , from the study that the men who have developed prostate cancer , the more tomato sauce , the more tomato sauce , had fewer blood vessels that have feeden their cancer .
albert from snake yyyy once said that discoveries are based on what all of us have seen , and think what no one was thinking about .
i &apos;m my puzzle in discover magazine .
it &apos;s got to make fun , different than everyday problems , which are not particularly well-designed puzzles .
one is the background of the other .
you may not make it physically , but on a computer , it goes over to the pc .
i wanted to make a sequel .
in which direction , are you going to fall ?
so there are games like &quot; brain age &quot; for the nintendo ds , a ross hit .
looks like a black character . where is that ?
i really believe that a girl is so powerful , that we &apos;ve all had to train , not be that way .
i remember , for example , my father who was very , very violent , made me out .
we &apos;re so used to getting girls from demanding , protagonist in their own life , that we &apos;ve actually made them to objects and turned them into it .
and she looked into the eyes of her baby , and she said , &quot; of course i love my baby . how could i love my baby ?
when we were there , she did a ritual where they were running girls who went away with their families .
and i &apos;m going to be on your side for the rest of your life . &quot;
i love that i don &apos;t take things easy .
why should they turn me down , want to be extracting ?
so , in the actual process , all six teenagers said , and they made the identities they had done in the photographs .
but the incident happened in the middle of january , at the northern hemisphere , at 7 o &apos;clock at night .
that &apos;s 10 feet away .
and what does this example show -- what is important for us in memory ?
he was a very religious man .
i got a full-scale scholarship and traveled through africa , where i asked people why they built fractals what a great job is if you can get it .
and this is continued in some villages up to the smallest level .
it &apos;s not really mathematical knowledge .
he said , &quot; if i lived in the jungle , i would use only long strands because it goes very fast and they &apos;re very cheap .
right and odd makes odd .
we have a pilot program in ghana .
but the bad news is this .
instead of turning to friends or relatives , they looked at quarten work .
today , agi has done development in hundreds of countries and far up to the checking agenda .
lose fear of wheels . make bets .
we put some rules and we &apos;re stuck on them .
the conversation will run better . &quot;
just when i was driving to come here tonight , one of my daughters started to walk around .
and we developed 10 words .
i was a teenager when i first read anna kicinaa , and i read the famous first sentence : &quot; all happy families equal to each other .
i want to show you how something invisible can be .
if i split this into the water , you see a silver advice , and that advice is the phoenix that holds the water from the base of the pacific . it remains dry .
and plato with all the young boys in his cave . sweeney : uh ...
i &apos;ll show you .
but tesla &apos;s success wasn &apos;t about duration .
one thing i want to point out is that not all neurosurgeon is wearing cowboy passport .
we can exchange them up or down , or make them up .
he &apos;s one of five children .
i &apos;ve shown you that we can apply it into the circuits of the mood at the bottom of depression .
we are understanding what these circuits are , and what brain areas are responsible for the clinical signs and symptoms of those diseases .
evolution is really more like a door than an engineer .
that &apos;s enough .
what we &apos;ve discovered is whether you look at the leg of a human being like richard , or a crowd or a crab or a cue , the relative defense of this feather is the same for all of us .
okay . the point is , it &apos;s really hard to say , right ? it &apos;s incredible , students have tried it , and they couldn &apos;t say it .
he does this with a printing glue .
what we do is we take the hair as a role model , and put them together with another colleague of berkeley .
it showed that from the married leaders of leaders , two-thirds of the married men , they have children , but only one third of the married women .
on monday , i left san francisco , my home place , and went to this conference .
and we go out at the end , and we look at them and say , &quot; how did it go to you ? &quot;
there &apos;s a famous study at harvard business school about a woman named heidi root .
and i cut my hand back and i fell on the other women as well , and then you took more questions , just by men .
a woman contacted me with this , and i looked at them -- she looked a little bit young .
thank you .
they don &apos;t regularly do it as regularly as they should , but they do .
so not fear was the particular factor .
but it &apos;s in the middle of the black .
now i want to talk about it now , thinking about how we spread health information in this country , how we get information .
that &apos;s why they &apos;re put up in more complicated , clear language , and that works .
we tell them it &apos;s okay ; it &apos;s okay to you .
this patient is about 50 , so we can tell quite a little bit about how big his risk is to get prostate cancer .
they don &apos;t need the educational level of listeners in this room .
and this bee was sure to say , &quot; i &apos;m going to take this apple tree now , that flower , i get the nectar , and then i &apos;m going off . &quot;
and when you talk about nature that is my favorite subject , what is the idea of the aldo-leopold test ?
all right , we &apos;re all equal to each other .
the only technology here is the cheap electrozalili : pretty new , in a automobile , even i could have a coal of 10 inches in 15 minutes .
so when a recommendation grades , the grass is going to be on this altitude on this altitude , and it &apos;s immediately something interesting .
and now i &apos;m saying that i want to build a layer of games at the top of the world , but that &apos;s not quite true because it &apos;s already in development ; it &apos;s already happened .
if it &apos;s not , it &apos;s a shack . there &apos;s nothing you can do .
come at a certain time , get your drinks half a prize .
and then they can do really well in different ways .
and it &apos;s powerful .
so , hung is a communal dynamic trying to find the best news , the most exciting stories .
we &apos;ve talked to you the last time in a thousand years ago .
you also see , if i rotate this around -- hopefully i don &apos;t do the world too much .
and you can see here it &apos;s starting .
this is one of our engineers .
mt , who was supposed to teach high-school students , discovered the law of promotion , just like a hobby .
raise your hands .
it makes it a place where it &apos;s fun to work .
and so this is something we work on , and we even have people who are excited about it and crazy enough that they &apos;re working on it , that &apos;s really their goal .
thank you .
what bronel , as he said , wanted to reach for his passengers was the experience to glimpse through the landscape .
what makes life easier , more pleasant ?
for part , they do this by building a great new facility , using the basement of one of their hospitals .
today , the industrial systems of the time have exploded brickly , and they are actually part of the present problem .
and how bronel can we , by confronting on systems , have a greater effect .
and of course , from my persistence , the waiter got caught with his own .
mark limb and i &apos;ve tried in a series of studies to answer that question .
yet , it &apos;s exactly what the american paradigm demanded .
but for the eastern surgeon , the sudden availability of all these consumers on the market was like a singtide .
the americans themselves discover that unlimited choices in the theory seem more optimistic than practice .
french parents would say more things like , &quot; noah was just for this short time , but he taught us so much .
robert frrost once said this , &quot; it &apos;s poetry that goes down in translate . &quot;
&quot; well , it &apos;s a very elegant nuances of pink . &quot;
the three problems have one in common : they are human problems controlled by natural forces .
so -- thank you very much .
it should replace competition by collaboration .
and then we build a six-meter version that we can test the maximum performance of machines , and so we can get very , very fast .
girl 5 : no .
and so i realized that the greatest world is not going to be understood as a business cycle , but as an amazing movement .
the bombsight occurs the stage .
and then the 92 nuclear power stations would provide the energy to fill the rest of los angeles .
then you take it , and you stick it on the screen of your tv , and you pull out from the inside , like that .
if you replace the word blohosphere or today &apos;s internet , it &apos;s very clear that its perception is now very concentrated . let &apos;s hear it in there .
i think it was this exchange that led to pcs .
ph : i hope you can understand how subbov is .
eventually , the race has won around the future of tail , as the phone society .
mm : because it gave the audience a role to do something .
they produce things for 1,500 and 800 dollars a minute .
and where television has taken place , which is being built , is a very exciting new kind of communication , and we &apos;ve built together two industries and a new way of thinking about it .
this is a spanish architect and designers .
color can be simple blocks , simple materials : when i go through new york , i hang on .
it gave me an excitement -- maybe there &apos;s a yellow day in san francisco , and we all talk about and create some installations .
the use that the city has put on the day for the public space is mean , almost an international role model .
even the parts of the airplane had french words .
he said , &quot; first of all , there are more girls . &quot;
and that was , finally , like me , after some high and deep , at the design of the chair that i &apos;m going to show you right now .
he said they &apos;ve got one of the new , better chairs .
or they pull them up in the desires position .
but i knew from experience , and when i was looking around the office , where there were office chairs with headresters that never anyone would come back to the idea , get back to a branch and adapt the headrest to get them in
and dengue fever has spread in winter .
two days ago or yesterday , i can &apos;t remind myself anymore , i &apos;ve read in a reuted report that maxra gave the first dengue disease , about 52 regular cases , about 52 regular cases .
we need something that really does the meditation , so it doesn &apos;t spread the disease .
here &apos;s a typical situation : males hit female , a lot of adults .
so , france is not our biggest problem .
&quot; why now ? &quot; &quot; why here ? &quot;
and most of the time i leave myself hardly , even though i &apos;m a very strong world wave .
look at the available data .
well , our mobile phones can now construct a story of our places .
bill dapkin : your health depends on where they live .
this is my grandfather .
for the simple reason nobody is talking about it .
like joints , plants are pulling phosphorus through water from the ground .
here &apos;s a title of a remarkable article from &quot; nature , &quot; which discusses the discussion of the phosphorus crisis .
asty-ten percent of them have been mentioned as well as mentioned .
and instead of a 100 percent dose of 100 percent , we take one from 25 percent .
we have a working technology and one that is using some of the pressure points that we &apos;re practicing on the phosphorus reserves of the world .
and he was a call called the teraturist : he watched all the mistakes and mutations to find rules and laws instead of looking at the norms .
and so , in this case , you see the individual steps repeat , but they repeat , without being a modicity .
as an architect , i just think about relationships between the individual and all , but in terms of product design , it becomes more and more a concern for companies .
we approached ourselves at the level of the building of the building where we could build the five separate towers , but they should be merging all on the 60 floor to a single monolithic mass .
let &apos;s come back again , a couple of years later , 2003 , and we &apos;ll see that this landscape is actually a little bit about barrier blobs than rainforest .
the difference is particularly in irrigation in the desert , or maybe golf spaces in sculptures whatever you want .
there &apos;s a lot of toxic waste , a lot of things that have been illegal , and now are at the air .
we &apos;ve doubled the amount of nitrogen and phosphorus in the world , just by fertilizer that causes huge problems in the water quality ; in rivers , lakes and even oceans , and it &apos;s also the most important factor of
but we can , and there are opportunities to get it .
irrigation is the biggest waterconsumers on the pet .
you need to work together .
so -- what is the system d ?
we want to see our products in the store .
the whole system d doesn &apos;t pay taxes .
we interact with the world through our hands .
what do you do ?
we use biological amplification to amplify these nervous signals -- muscles .
this is what it looks like now .
here we added , or cutting the nerve free , from small parts of the muscle and left others that gave us our upload -- signal , two others that gave us our hand -- signal .
ak : it works good .
but i can &apos;t put electrodes and say , &quot; go there . &quot;
and that &apos;s our goal -- to have something clinically applicable to wear .
this is jesse and he presses a habitat .
so thank you very much .
sub-saharan africa fills this condition , because 22 million people live with hiv , which is 70 percent of the 30 million people who are infected globally .
governments in the field need to create effective tests for ethical aspects in clinical trials in clinical trials , which are being embedded in the different developing countries . ethiopia is being embedded by government and funds of the study and
the fundamental problems that we &apos;re facing are a too high consumption and too many people .
so they fulfill all the criteria that people usually like .
so you can see that the current that goes north -- the humblinel strength in this case -- is enough to the galapagos , and these deep water roots , the carrodors that come up in the galapagos .
we also know that not only galapagos are threatened , but the same magellanic penguins and other penguin species .
now i want to show you that penguins are being drawn into compassion .
turbo &apos;s supposed to tap on the door with his cutting , and we let him in and he &apos;s coming in here .
and then there &apos;s another one that comes up very comfortable .
well , here &apos;s a fundamental problem that we haven &apos;t solved : our basic political geography .
both of them share a pretty long line .
again , like mongolia , china doesn &apos;t condense russia . it reastates .
for poorer countries , china reduces its oil , so that laoss and cambodia are able to sell their own cheaper , and they &apos;re going to depend on china to china .
so what i want to introduce you to here is , i call nations , day after day .
these two arrows form a bow , a bow of packaging and other infrastructure that connects the west bank with the gaza strike .
most of you .
so what &apos;s next ? what &apos;s the future of the european union ?
53 countries and far most of the sustained straight lines on the map .
this dream exists in its ages .
is it bad ? it doesn &apos;t seem that way .
okay .
and the hormone liqu-1 promotes growth .
so how can a hormone end up with the speed of aging ?
we think insulin and igf-1 hormones are hormones that are active under the circumstances -- in good times -- when food is available , and not much stress in the environment exists .
we don &apos;t know the details of how it works , but we know that foxo genes have a effect on life expectancy .
basically , you could change the genes .
so it &apos;s possible that the process of which i talked about , which is very fast at the worm , has a different standard of value , like a bird , so that the bird can live much longer .
you will never see such an ad , because nike wants you to buy your shoes .
they all show her the heroes that were selected .
it &apos;s like trying to go against a bubble .
this is a view that a lot of employees like prozac basically change the chemistry of the brain as if in fact , the brain of a chemical soup would be .
and my name is seymour seymour benk believes it too .
so through the screen , we found that a mutant , much longer needed to remove after the air eats , and when we tested the genes that were playing in this mutation , we could discover a dopamine receptor .
this question has been asked for a long time in people , but in flies , we can actually test it .
like that , mosquitoes find us in the dark by combining us . they smell us .
just so you see it , this is the cheese .
people even told me that she &apos;d like to be tracked by mosquitos now .
we did in the u.k.
and every time i was feeling convicted of the eyes of the eyes convicted behind me .
and as it turns out , fat is one of the best sources for adult stem cells .
as we speak , about 11 clinical trials are going to study using the use of stem cells for nitrogen cells .
we &apos;re very happy because we have the opportunity to have this angel in the world , not only in our country : venezuela . in our entire world .
so what happens if what didn &apos;t happen ?
but here you see what &apos;s really going on .
i can &apos;t tell you anything more about that because i &apos;ve stopped the headline .
oyst mccarm : what you don &apos;t know about marriages
but how ?
it gets even better . it seems that we can make these receivers using the material that is coded in dna .
the animal jumps down , it spreads its wing , it vibrate this , but it can &apos;t really fix because the fly is caught between two glasses .
so for an intelligent creature like our fly , this rule didn &apos;t navigate in stone , but it changes as the animal learns through experience .
through many of these experiments , we were able to remove the identity of the critic &apos;s identity to 12 cells .
there &apos;s a couple of ideas in computer science and artificial intelligence , how you could do that , but we still haven &apos;t solved a single example of how intelligent behavior is going from the physical interaction on living matter .
here &apos;s libby , or actually an ultrasound of libby .
ed : okay . tb : okay . a little bit back inside , a little bit more to the middle .
from your own experience , i know that hospitals can be a very dangerous place for young people .
here &apos;s a picture of my graduate team from legacy .
one of the things i &apos;m telling you is that this kind of care that &apos;s going to touch everything , from their goals to their genes , is going to be the disruptive transformation that we &apos;re going to see in our health care system .
they don &apos;t stick like a velcro in the eye department or glue .
here we have the robot .
marc raipbe built the skin robot suncar .
what would happen if you climbed on the bottom of the sheet , and it was a ball , or we would shake the sheet ? &quot;
and so we did . and he does this .
of course , it &apos;s completely different than you would see that in a natural movie .
we &apos;re going to look at the rise of sea level .
and i would say the people who work in the oceans and think about the goals , we think we should be much lower .
this is the ship that i &apos;ve been to antarctica for the last three months .
if this ice melts up the sea level up at six feet .
what was the cause ?
in both cases , the bad news is for the coral rights of the galapagos islands .
their relationship is the water temperature .
but then at the end of the day , you see the thermal records in black .
we have very interesting possibilities in the atmosphere in the atmosphere for millions of years , and we &apos;ve been doing this only with ice nets , but in this case we go back 20 million years .
and this is the task that einstein asked : figure out how gravity works .
einstein had already room space and time , biases and curves to describe gravity .
but deep in the structure of space , such as the idea , there could be more dimensions than we see there .
and just like the sheets of a cello different , they can actually plot down in different patterns .
not yet .
is this just an interesting mathematical constructment that may be able to explain unbelievable properties of the world , or can we actually detect these extra dimensions ?
so we &apos;ve got two plates on top of the dots .
now , can anybody see the predator , which is to attack them ?
and what &apos;s true for sensory information is generally true for all information .
and we look at about 30 seconds , which is quite a hammer in a 18 minutes long talk .
why ? because if the shoreline in this shadow would actually be in the shadow and reflect the same amount of light on your eye , like the knee outside of the shadows , you &apos;d have to reflect more -- just after physics
how do you know ?
and she comes in the hive , finds an empty host of honey and crossing -- and that &apos;s honey .
he finds him . madness , right ?
do you agree ? yeah ?
there &apos;s no way there is a right or wrong here .
in 2010 in new york , not so much .
we are also a species of storytellers .
now , some things : understanding of security , the risks , the risks , the precedent , how they work .
but in a modern and complex world they need models to understand many risks that we face .
think of cancer , bird flu , swine flu , sars .
there were no new insights , but fewer fear .
and there &apos;s another cognitive distortion : i call it unpredictable by accepting data that will confirm our beliefs and reject data our beliefs .
i trust another group to realize whether my airplane was safe to fly with it .
and people were thrilled .
and he was found here near , at stanford .
they had good relationship with their teachers , students .
let me ask you some questions to find out whether that &apos;s a good choice . &quot;
i took someone to get them or save them , where i could report myself as a volunteer , but i found that nobody did anything .
we opened the first section in 2009 .
robert hamam : building a park in the sky
and groups became called terrorists very often immediately .
you need a linked process that can deal with the core of this very complicated society with its problems .
it &apos;s about seeing a revolution in the arab world , probably , for the first time in the history of the arab world : a national revolution .
paradox about that is that the last decade was so promising , and that &apos;s one main reason .
once upon a time the ngos don &apos;t call their slogans just on the streets -- they took them in the negotiation , for part because they made the victims of these weapons .
thank you very much for your attention .
but i don &apos;t think &quot; monsteret &quot; is something good .
so this was completely smooth .
it &apos;s a little crazy to work on a new nuclear reactor .
and i &apos;m trying to use a very scientific approach .
they said , &quot; well , you know , this strange rich man in the movie ?
it &apos;s a big tooth . &quot;
and last day the sun comes out , the orgasas comes , they come right to the boat . it &apos;s fantastic .
i &apos;m going to admit that i &apos;m a little nervous here because i &apos;m going to tell you some radical things about how we should think differently about cancer in a audience that contains many people who know a lot more than i do that .
the part of the genome that we can read is the list of ingredients .
there &apos;s a huge amount of information in genetics by just comparing genetic resemblance .
and i &apos;m like , &quot; okay . at least this guy is good . &quot;
that &apos;s how we basically measure every isotopes as a own .
if you have malaria , we &apos;ll give you china , or some of the events of it .
where we really need to be on , is the process that &apos;s going on , and on the level of the geography activity on the level of the &quot; why the body doesn &apos;t heal itself , how does it make it normally ? &quot;
danny hillis : cancer from proteomics
you &apos;re all members of tribes .
it &apos;s not enough to just give up these people .
because stage three is most of us .
this is their lobby .
there was no plan . never before anybody tried this .
in fact , martin luther kings was famous sentence at stage three .
so i &apos;m sitting in this chair and doing nothing . &quot;
and suddenly they took out the papers and tried to figure out , &quot; how do we ask the population of sub-saharan africa ? &quot;
automatically cut the little piece of plastic up to the top .
this one or an inexpensive construction that was designed to create just so much to get the taxes for the ground that they stand on were not as permanent building .
they look at stability and security that can offer the lap of an uncle , and you compare them with the left-handed construct of a foreign niece in high altitude .
but from my view , compassion has a problem .
and it &apos;s the most compelling form of soul satisfaction .
i can &apos;t really explain them , and it doesn &apos;t really explain it .
stories like these , signs like these , are practical assistance in a world that is looking for having compassion , the extended images of suffering that could be overwhelmed with us .
gandhi was a really miserable person as well .
and on the first day , our group directors respected us and taught us our motto that we now had to spend every day for the rest of the summer to make the community .
this is one of two or three of their familiar ones .
here &apos;s some examples .
it turns out that we can &apos;t be part of a group without instinctively imitating the opinions of others .
so that &apos;s the world we live in today .
and so i &apos;m trying to learn from the example of my grandfather in my own way .
okay , number two : go to the wild .
and imagine that , take an internal image : i was born in a very small village in mexico , unfortunately , very poorly , very poorly , and my parents didn &apos;t have higher school education .
and so we believe that through all the changes that are happening , we have incredible opportunities today .
it &apos;s an initiative that is suspicious on simple , accessible and human-centered solutions .
we &apos;ve now gone out to 30 different technologists in 18 different countries , and we were able to connect millions of people , in the desire to learn what this particular market segment needs .
and on my wedding day , my father came to me and said , &quot; you know , i remember every generation has to do better than the previous ones .
i know a lot of people who are very smart and still say , &quot; why can &apos;t i solve my problem ? &quot;
i started them together in 1980 with another family .
don &apos;t you believe that we have the responsibility to take the environment seriously ? &quot;
i still drive the same four-year-old ford as well as it did before .
but that &apos;s not a good life .
that &apos;s what he &apos;s doing .
believe it or not , don &apos;t make a difference for me now .
so he said , &quot; what are you holding in your hand ? &quot;
what &apos;s that in your hand ? &quot; -- i said , &quot; it &apos;s a basketball , and this baseball represents your identity , what you are .
when my children were even small , i always walked into her room , sat down to her bed and looked at my kids at sleep .
it &apos;s less than i was measuring -- i did with three to 10 million -- but yet it &apos;s a very powerful number .
then in a village we have 100 laptops , each with a different collection of 100 books , so the village has 10,000 books .
right , the famous chinese signature of railroads .
you answer the question : how does it feel to realize you &apos;re wrong ?
we &apos;re learning this really bad lesson really well .
think for a moment what it is like to feel right .
and unlike any other animals , we &apos;re obsessed with trying to figure it out .
and i have to tell you that i thought i &apos;m writing this incredibly nerdy book about a subject that everybody hatts for an audience that would never give .
the effect of this , of course , is not just walks of golden wheat , but mountains of grain .
in 1986 , she came from vietnam to america .
the answer to that was laplar : &quot; that &apos;s even worse . &quot;
our own domestication sank on a third of the average in our industry , and in the five years of the dotcom crash , our oil size has tripled .
and bhutan , for those who don &apos;t know , is the recent democracy in the world , only two years old .
it &apos;s actually , in fact , that we &apos;re often hungry in the west as though that &apos;s happiness that we have to capture , one thing , or maybe several things that we need to get .
and we represent 10 simple questions -- that &apos;s the simplicity .
what we need to really learn as a leaders is that we can impact the quartity of production by creating the right conditions so that our employees can live their jobs .
bl : all right . one , two , three .
under declining you will inner you , you move you . but the eyes are moving in the advice with the boat , and they say , &quot; i &apos;m silent . &quot;
amy , come up please ?
the method : what did you do ? the result : what did you see ?
i just read one thing .
real scientific education should give people a voice and enable them to express them , so amy should have the last word in this short story .
poor people don &apos;t have this choice of choice .
we were thrown back into the &apos; 70s .
and to get there , we have to realize that the principle of a way of learning is not only the species that we &apos;ve talked about , but also denied our society .
today , 60 years later , i can tell you why it &apos;s possible .
i &apos;m sure some of you have already wondered , &quot; yes , great things up there -- but how do i get up there ?
i was a professor at the u.n. davis system , and he received a lot of attention , and that allowed me to fund the start of the program .
we have eight motors in this vehicle .
thank you .
they fall apart , they fall down , and they end up here .
i mean , people wonder if cell phones are safe .
you have a coal .
because , remember the original idea of dr. solar science : the surprising mobile phone of his wife .
and for those of you who can &apos;t read it , it says , &quot; it seems like it &apos;s actually a kind of wireless technology . &quot;
green or natural accomplishments where it &apos;s not being imprisoned , is one step in the right direction , but they don &apos;t care about the extended poison in our bodies .
first , a funeral suit , increased with mushrooms , called &quot; mushrooms death suit . &quot;
just months later , i learned who he was .
i &apos;m looking for a cure .
i say , &quot; keep it alive if you can . &quot;
even with this clear paper in our hands , we have redefined hope again .
it &apos;s a feature .
suddenly he knows he &apos;s been defeated .
to allow you to do this , we have to go back to the driver &apos;s seat .
we put the area , we photographed it , we sent people in , we photographed the buildings from inside , the disasters , and we helped the first ones , looking at and saving .
if i do that , i &apos;m not losing the original details , the opposite , i could write history here .
you &apos;re held back from public opinion .
that &apos;s not very good .
and which is a democracy from this .
here &apos;s the question : which country cut better , china or india ?
because the indian man has an advantage in life expectancy for the last two years to be the indian woman .
what political change is , they &apos;ve introduced elections .
china , i think , still has some excellent , irrational foundations -- especially in terms of social capital , public health , a sense of equality that doesn &apos;t exist in india .
it was a place where people came together with different kinds of knowledge and different knowledge areas and expanding themselves .
and now they have the problem that they &apos;ve spent all the money with this advanced electronics in these countries , and now everything is unable .
a bit of a chaotic environment , where probably many ideas came from where people have more , interesting , unpredictable , unpredictable interfaces -- people differently .
about a decade ago , a wonderful scholarship with the name howard named howard savings and read darwin &apos;s notebook from this period .
they explor in their colleagues , but everybody said , &quot; no , i didn &apos;t think i was doing it .
is it the other way around ?
in the 1970s , the one percent of 10 percent of the national income was in the united states .
a lot of these political factors can be put together in the category of crony capitalism , and political breakthroughs , which help a group of good interviews , but don &apos;t really make anything good for the rest of us .
while you can see pretty easily , how globalization and technological revolution create this global statement of money , it &apos;s much harder to judge the whole thing .
that &apos;s why they invest forbid amounts of time and medium to train their children .
we created the modern social state .
that &apos;s his little hand .
one of them is going to die all .
that was a huge disappointment for us because we had believed in new development .
in fact , i think in places like oregon , where you can take medical death in the demands and see a toxic dose , only half a percent of people have ever done it .
so , long speech shortly : they came to canada .
but i heard about cancer as the most terrifying disease of our time , so how do we fit the good and bad together ?
now , some articles went to say that skeletal muscle tissue was resistant to cancer , and beyond , not just against cancer , but against the fact that metastases spread into skeletal muscle .
16 percent . d.d. that there were these naked tumors in skeletal muscle , but only 16 percent of the actual metastases -- which suggests that skeletal muscle might be able to control angiogenesis , able to control the tumors
this is a very high-tech idea , but i really think that &apos;s possible .
after that , my translator left .
she was the girl who looked at the others in the rooms for their team .
and that &apos;s where i wrote a letter to my best friends in atlanta , georgia , who had a 11 year-old son .
i said , &quot; what did he say ? &quot; i asked the translator .
so the two came to lunch , and we were thrown out of the restaurant .
he had children living from korea to live , and he found families for them .
they were beating a lot of time over the dictionary .
so i open the window , look out , and see how flames go from the side of the hotels to height . the hotel burns .
so we ran in the bath , took towels , and we kept them in front of our faces and the children .
until the adoption is through . one year ! what does that long take ?
this is her cookie .
this is sydney that &apos;s three years old in a couple of days .
but there was no evidence .
there are small planets , there are bigger planets , there are big planets , ok .
but there &apos;s still a lot more to do .
so the question is : is this chemical phenomenon universal , or is it something dependent on each planet ?
and this deep point , underlying point , is that the science is that life , as we know it , is redefining .
okay , let &apos;s say this is the size of the observable universe , with all the galaxies , with all the stars , okay , from here to there .
thank you very much .
look : while uganda is singing down and simbabwe , russia went to one percent .
they find the highest hiv rates in the world in african countries , and yet they find in senegal , down here , the same rate as in the united states .
look at kenya here .
it might be something else , which is a more common transmission .
we know that about 106 billion people have ever lived .
it wasn &apos;t just an economic story .
and the result is even even more divergence in a short time period than it was in germany .
the same is with institutions .
you just have to give me food . &quot;
he was wrong .
well , i want to end with three questions about the future billion , shortly before 2016 , when the united states loses its place as the number of economy in china .
no , we &apos;re probably going to stay around , regardless of the huge bubble that we have disappeared , regardless of the signs that we &apos;ve lost our work ethic and other parts of our historic elans .
niall , thank you .
there are many types of spider silk .
spider silk is almost entirely made of protein .
the fibers that can make a single spider are pretty diverse .
and spiders also have a high potential because of their ability to get a rocket player .
what i &apos;m excited about is not the mermaid , as stunning as it may be , but on the photos .
you have to have physical structure .
there are more photos . there are more photographers .
this sounds strange in our ears , but what &apos;s eventually happened is that 80 percent of the deals have contributed above average .
the first thing that happens when you institutionalize a problem is that the first goal of the institution is immediately about the goal for self-esteem .
the inventors don &apos;t know what the invention is .
there are people in the states that are trying to figure out whether bloggers are journalists or not .
it &apos;s been built by using the communication patterns , the use of many of these tools , analyzing . undoubtedly , the intelligence agencies of the world today are doing the same work for the attacks in the last week .
you have glue , which is probably for us of the most beautiful part of the bread or the fibers , because it &apos;s just full of fibers , because the fibers are fired by fibers .
everything is at its place . first level .
we call it gore .
but let &apos;s look back at the different steps , under the face of the possible connections to a deeper level -- my search turns out to the answer to the question , &quot; what is so special about bread ? &quot;
that &apos;s transformation , two different things .
and when they &apos;re shaped , they go up again to prove that they are alive and they develop character .
if you make this bread , you can use any kind of grace from any beer .
it will become a kind of relief while we &apos;re working through this talk .
it takes a very , very long time to write these scores , and at the time i work on a piece which is 180 pages long , and that &apos;s a big part of my life , and i &apos;m selling the hair .
it &apos;s introduced by brian mcwicher , which is an extraordinary artist .
so that gives you a little premise of the piece .
what we did -- betty rapmio , one of my students , and i -- we gave the babies two bowl of food : a bowl with raw broccoli , and a bowl with tasty goldfish .
i mean , at the end of the day , when we look at babies , they &apos;re pretty useless .
and our babies and children are more dependent on us than the babies of every other species .
the band is bringing it to the hypothesis .
now there are two things that are really interesting about this .
boy : that &apos;s why .
our consciousness about this is extremely bright and vivid , and everything else becomes like dark .
&quot; babies and young children are like the research and development department of the human species , &quot; the psychologist alson gallo , is looking at their research , looking at babies in playing in the playfulness of the playful information and making decisions .
if i could give you a brief demonstration for a little demonstration to show the difference -- because it &apos;s actually quite a triangle .
and then you repeat this process over and over and over again , until something useful is coming out -- in this case , the character should walk straight .
what we really wanted was the whole human body .
you can &apos;t do that yet .
here are a couple of simple scenes going on .
i &apos;m not sure why , but we &apos;ve done it anyway .
some studio already uses our software to do exactly that , and we &apos;ll soon be able to see some of our stunters in some great movie production .
and we thought he would just hold the balance .
here &apos;s where you learn to go on the verbs -- as most of you will hope .
but i have to say , i &apos;m never going to forget what happened when i was 13 years old .
i believe that art and creativity is absolutely essential to develop empathy .
if you &apos;re ever lone , write a new york times columbn , you get hundreds of emails . most of what i &apos;m doing today is frustrated by frustration .
some stories are just classical , but it &apos;s just so fragile .
it &apos;s an archetype . nobody bought it .
there &apos;s a border that we don &apos;t want to cross . so what &apos;s the solution ?
this is microsoft word , ok . if you want to make a new empty document in words -- that could happen !
but i think there are actually two microseconds .
the other products were supported by microsoft with an open standard , instead of applause companies .
and right , if someone writes to me a hatch , what happens every day -- i say , &quot; leap me . &quot;
but when i look at the powerful technologies , nanotechnology , technology , and others in the building of digital technologies , i really worried about the abundance of abuse .
and in order to limit the danger of these new things , we eventually have to limit the ability of individuals that basically give them access to pandemic power .
i think the challenge we &apos;re standing on -- i &apos;m very sure this is going to happen -- the challenge is : are we going to develop these educational materials with the background that will make us feel out of this device ?
and if you build a three-dimensional structure , for example , football , they have all kinds of incredible properties .
and to give you a sense of the last little fund -- he went to 400 million dollars , so that &apos;s quite remarkable for us .
and if you apply the concept of insurance broader , you can use a much more powerful instinct -- the instincts of the market -- using feedback .
12 years ago , caves began to fascinate me , and i gave my research in this direction .
so lovely and thin things .
there &apos;s ice there under the surface .
so they &apos;re a slow species of life .
it &apos;s even so much energy for biology in this cave that there are actually a large number of caves .
we can see them .
we realized a couple of years ago that caves have a lot of characteristics that used to be used by people and other organisms once as a habitat .
every time you have analyzed a goal , you have to get certain steps to get a certain amount of steps .
and so it is in archimedes , the great greek mathematician .
fake numbers were painted on this , and it suffered under a lot of the sky .
that means before we could start to digitize the architect , we had to take the book apart .
and this is what it looks like .
but by flying around the electrons with light speed , they &apos;re going to be x-ray .
this was a bad idea , because philip of mazeon had a son called alexander of big , and she lost the battle of the city of the city .
because in the moment , institutions are just giving their data to copyright limitations and more than that .
the original owner of the bottle was one of the most enthusiastic whistles of the 18th century .
i wondered : 160 dollars for this one ?
she has four balconies .
a reverse schematic is that many of these things come from japan -- you &apos;ll notice it .
i mean , a free , cladter-free toilet .
there was an object that i couldn &apos;t get in the finger , and that was the 1947 cheval blanc .
and i can &apos;t -- call my taste to a banal -- so it &apos;s not necessarily important that i was not impressed , but i wasn &apos;t the only place , with this reaction .
at the beginning of this year , a virtual asteroid was sold by it for 330,000 real dollars .
the really interesting thing about virtuality is that you can measure them .
now , i could develop a game with the name of rail , by getting only one million pies , or a thousand cake .
if it &apos;s real boxes , we can &apos;t do much , but in a game we say , &quot; ok . &quot;
this is absolutely critical and virtuality in this .
and i want to tell you a quick story , so 1999 -- there was a video game called everest .
it &apos;s about how individual engagement can be transformed by the psychological and neurological insights that we get when we watch people playing .
it &apos;s kind of a conventional dentist , which is official as a commitment .
i &apos;m elder , and i &apos;m totally obsessed with food .
there &apos;s definitely hunger in america , 49 million people and almost 16-digit million children .
and their farms are also big .
it &apos;s the 30th anniversary of wireless grain and big bruised , from chicken chicken nugget , concentrated fertility , highly determined in america and the change of the way we &apos;ve dealed with agriculture international .
this is a building helmet that i got two years ago , which was one of the biggest projects i &apos;ve ever been involved in .
but i &apos;m going to simplify in the beginning of the process , on three very pessimistic signs .
if we &apos;re so good at what we &apos;re doing , we shouldn &apos;t be able to create an architectural manifestation that &apos;s completely frictimed by the customers and the national bottles ?
the architectural implementation was , as i said , simple .
and this is the realm of the trash .
the second technology that we &apos;re using , we &apos;re using things that you know about the sides of a opera .
here you see the basic configuration .
i &apos;m going to talk about how to collect stories in something unusual .
one of these projects is about one and a half years old .
these are the images that automatically create .
as long as i was awake , i had the camera around the neck .
you can see a timeline that shows you the exciting moments of history .
it &apos;s back whale . well , further .
a 28-year-old owner of a cell phone .
a 80-year-old , beating farmers .
what if you found the truth only one year , what would you do about the next 35 years of your life ?
&quot; make money and a store &quot; was the indian street piano .
during the fog , he told them that he wanted to be with it , and he had given me a about two percent chance of survival .
don &apos;t get me wrong , writing has benefits .
the hand is almost impossible , except in stupid , and then the communication is limited .
very funny people , if lol means that .
you don &apos;t do it .
if someone had seen in 1973 on a black board of 1993 , it would have been a little bit different since the time of love story , but he understood what was there .
i &apos;m over the age of time , i wanted to say , if you &apos;re in new york , you can look at whitney next week at whitney , and also in the orbit of galleries in chelsea .
afghanistan is not an existential threat to global security .
and the same is true of the troops .
instead there was litan optimism from amazing optimism .
diplomats disappear in ambassadors .
and finally , we have to understand that the secret of what we did in bosnia and kosovo , was the secret of our success to the big part of our humility -- in the previous way of our commitment .
rory , she said libya at the end .
so here you see two examples .
this is an example of the same system , on one finger , to show you what it looks like .
there are tests that are going to come in , but when you reach these tests , they &apos;re used for a different kind of elevator .
selection leap . this is a difficult problem for reasons that i &apos;m not going to raise .
there &apos;s another , very interesting connection , and this is that what you want to do is to keep valuable information on a general , pretty bad phone system .
so , i think it &apos;s the minimal food that we can probably achieve to make things .
and we decided that we should not think so much about the cost of the cost , but in terms of simplicity .
there &apos;s a book , which means , &quot; do you know the matter with kansas ? &quot;
so we have to wonder why .
but you don &apos;t interact very much with people who are not as themselves .
so we can think about things like roads .
i &apos;m joking , but only half when i say that you don &apos;t think you &apos;re going to believe in the hospital , if you get to a missing limb , without previous clusters , mri and orthopedic consequence .
then bell turns to his students .
so , within a couple of years in the late 19th and early 20th century , the doctor , who was trying to diagnose , the barbow .
between the perception of the patient and the physician in terms of the best possible medical care , it &apos;s a real contradiction .
another experience i made in texas before i went to stanford , influenced me .
the bad news : we don &apos;t know the cause . see ? see ? you can do that , we can do that . &quot;
i remember so many giant , crazy , pursuing eyes , looking at me at this ritual .
some call us exhibition , a rather unfriendly statement .
in this case , we tested that .
for you there , here says , &quot; then a miracle has happened !
and there were no to 1655 .
religious icongraphy .
it &apos;s harder to move the dead to an answer .
my friend simon singgh , a particle physicist , more docent , wrote the book &quot; the big bang , &quot; etc .
and now you open your eyes .
you can open it up completely , and it &apos;s translucent .
but it made me think that these guys , at least most , know what they do for a living .
everybody thought that was impossible .
you can make a lot of change . you can build roads .
and that &apos;s something that people want from you .
you don &apos;t need everybody .
hugo cvez did not invent the divorced worker and middle class in venezuela . he just led them .
and so it goes on and on .
they connect people together .
the reason ? today &apos;s modern medicine uses a 60 year-old method .
there &apos;s still a catch .
it makes it 168 times faster , over 26,000 times cheaper and over 400 times more sensitive than our current standard for pancreatic cancer .
my experience with the islamic world is very different .
there &apos;s z. the character noora .
and why leads sex to babies , and why does babies mean a erotic disaster ?
because it &apos;s the secret of the erosion .
particularly important about this description of the other or myself -- that &apos;s the same thing -- particularly interesting that there &apos;s no need in desire .
this is her motion , and appropriately , that &apos;s biology , the natural instinct .
and that &apos;s where the desire is , and that study needs curiosity , explorers .
you know there &apos;s an erotic space that everybody hears .
other places in the country had similar spaces .
in a godman cathedral , this kind of music is perfect .
ok .
it &apos;s going to be played in smaller spaces .
so early hippie groups have summarized some places .
so i asked myself , ok , is this a design model , this adaptation that we practice ?
thank you very much .
and then he turned to me , and he said , &quot; it stands to me !
how do we solve those three problems that i want to bring to language here ?
albert einstein -- i was just sitting with someone when i was talking to someone in princeton , and i met mr. einstein .
what is life about ? why am i here ?
i never read a speech or talk or lecture .
and it was about 300 people there .
he talked about his personal experience .
a french historian said two centuries later , &quot; rarely have such a powerful spirit with so much humility of the authority of jesus christ . &quot;
or he was what he claimed .
i &apos;m not going to mourn the murderers nor the self-killers .
but for that you have to get about 10 minutes and take a woman in the arm that &apos;s not there .
i never was in .
harvest baby teeth .
with tears in the eyes , i said , &quot; no . &quot;
2010 : a young woman stands at president silk and says how they and her siblings live , their parents died in the war .
we go to rural areas , and all we do is what it &apos;s happening in this room , we create a space .
i failed .
i want to look back 20 years from now and see that there &apos;s another liberal girl , a ghana , nigerian , ethiopian girl on this ted stage .
lg : all right .
licklider realized , computers can do the necessary routine , to prepare insights and decisions .
each interaction is recorded by more sensors : your phone , your credit card , your computer . it &apos;s a lot of data , and we get the opportunity to understand the opportunity .
these records were human employees .
by introducing a better process , which was otherwise a challenge for 40 people over three months , it became a simple task for three people in 40 hours . all of them are human computer symbiosis .
we should stop seeing out of the outside .
drive home with my wife and children with my wife and children .
because people say , &quot; shit man , i don &apos;t have time to become fes . want you .
she became a much bigger dog than i thought .
these effects are all affecting us .
the boom of the national automobile turned to our problems .
think of bicycle , agriculture .
in the era after katrina , we have more together .
and you all have done that , and if not , you &apos;re going to have to .
help me make green to new black . help me make sustainability sexy .
so i thought this would be an opportunity to use scratch to make an interactive map for my mother .
but i &apos;m skeptical of what &apos;s going on .
in this case , you take a blob , put it on a stack , and the stack of blocks determines the behavior of different characters in a game or a story , in this case that &apos;s the big fish .
when you learn to code , you can program to learn .
if children like victor create these projects , they learn important concepts like variables , but that &apos;s just the beginning .
what i want to talk about today to give you a background is the thought that cars are art .
this is what i want to talk about .
and i think that this thought that great cars are interrupting a soul , very useful , and you all know that . you see a car with soul at first . you know how strong it is .
this is one of my favorite paintings that really describes our relationship to cars .
right ? and they decided it would be cheaper , instead of a studio and six or seven apartments of elizabeth &apos;s former house in malibu .
there was a lot of dialogue .
i think we felt very close to each other that day , we separated unnecessary bars , and we were wiping the concept of real teamwork and creativity .
we didn &apos;t bring him to boston .
because i just have a little lab .
now we &apos;ve done clinical trials in four mouse models of this disease .
we don &apos;t have a team of selling and marketing workers that can position us to the market in the market .
100 billion is the only number you need to know .
what you need to think is that we have a universe to do with a hundred billion galaxies , with a hundred billion stars .
what he didn &apos;t explain was why entropy was ever low .
unlike the low entropy of the early universe , although we don &apos;t know the answer to that , at least we have a good theory that can explain this if that theory is true , and that the theory of the dark energy .
and so it becomes , even though the universe will continue forever and ordinary matter and radiation , there will always be a certain amount of radiation , some thermal fluctuations , even in empty space .
but we also give big fluctuations .
it cools down .
it &apos;s a reckless fact of the universe that you accept and not question .
i had never used a computer yet .
it was a future i couldn &apos;t accept .
now i want to get something out there , like me , say to the africans and the poor who are fighting with their dreams .
whatever motion i made in my real world was only replicated with my little device in the digital world , eight years ago , in 2000 .
so i took this very literally , i took my bike bicycle , and i put him a little bit wrong , which was good at the project .
the camera doesn &apos;t really understand my movements , but it &apos;s also capable of understanding what things i hold in my hand .
and why just recall ? we can just play with papers .
all the work you saw is about my learning in india .
this is juan carlos , king of spain .
this becomes the third largest park in rio at june this year .
again , you don &apos;t have to dig deep under the earth to build a stop .
i &apos;ll give you a quick example here .
almost every year we have these terrible strains .
we &apos;re below average in terms of traffic disorders in the city .
a city of the future is a city that includes no one from this great community , which is cities .
the best answer is to try to reconstruct a darwinian universe of our artistic and aesthetic preferences .
so the trick of evolution is to make them beautiful so that she selects a kind of gravity so that they just pay attention to them .
and some are too big in every case to use them for the battle .
our strong response to images , the expression of emotion in art , to the beauty of music before the night sky , is going to be with us and our extension as long as the human race exists .
well , it &apos;s a pretty complicated system , but let me try to explain it , and maybe i can simplify it .
so , you can see how the computer looks like the environment , and since you can &apos;t see the vibration , we even shatter the driver with red leds so that it can really see what &apos;s going on .
let &apos;s see if mark can avoid it .
or for blind people , in everyday devices in the household , in education and office .
the implication of a subtle process had begun . the implications that ordinary people don &apos;t hear voices , and i heard it , but i heard that something could not agree with me .
my mental health state was a catalyst for discrimination , acute accuracy and physical and sexual translated , and i was told by my psychiatrist , &quot; eleanor , with cancer , because cancer is easier to heal . &quot;
to paraphrase cigarette : when social change begins , it can &apos;t be stopped anymore .
and that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing right now .
so what i propose is that it &apos;s where we should look for life , more than mars , of course , even though mars is a much more promising and interesting place .
and the ordinary astronomers were full of contempts .
because it understood the kind of life that can live out there , it has tremendous benefits compared to life on a planet .
there was another object , this highly exciting furniture with creatures and family spills and naked -- pretty scary things for a small child .
the first projects were modest , but they took technology and perhaps transformed them into things that people use in a new way , and perhaps found a new function .
the other thing that humanitarian is about jwboone is that we decided to leave all the technical players , all of this nerd stuff , and try to make it as beautiful as possible .
so we called it y water . so this is another example where everything is happening together in a room : the three-dimensional design , the ideas , the development of the brand , it &apos;s all very closely related .
this is my nearest anthony , in switzerland , he had the laptop for a afternoon , i had to take him back . that was hard .
yves behar : design from objects that tell stories
thank you .
my aunt , an incredibly mild and brilliant woman , was early widow .
she was the decisive former for women &apos;s rights that i &apos;ve ever heard .
look at these young girls who come back to school after accelerating into their faces . &quot;
the world that layma boas had been given was a world in the war .
then it becomes suspicious .
you have to negotiate .
it &apos;s the people from my generation that grow up in a world where everything is paperless and some of our best conversations on a screen .
and finally , it might mean that they could print their own medicine .
and if it &apos;s wondering why this is even interesting , then you have to look at the rest of saudi arabia because it &apos;s a country that is divided between the gender .
maybe some things are bad traditions and they need changes .
so let me give you one example : in turkey , where i come from , which is a very overwhelming republic , we had something that i call secular policing , which should protect universities , against hide students .
if i would be the only person who thinks that way , we would have a problem .
in the 19th century when muslims have seen europe as an example , they were independent , even more secure .
that &apos;s why the eu process became , the efforts of turkey , who joined eu , supported in turkey from the fuzzy muslims , while some non-religious nations were against it .
there &apos;s a very big nose that appears that it &apos;s connected to something like that .
when scientists want to make a century later , a century later , neurons , they let them light them out , instead of interfering them .
carl ihrver : glimpses in the inside of our brain
but that trend is less clear .
but for many parts of africa , it &apos;s a colleague of mine , and it &apos;s a colleague of me at the tutoring day , which was just in the right time , so the genocide could start on the screen of the screen
and instead of packing the opportunity , local leaders and international leaders have soon moved out and have removed from the second incentive , the events of the 09 . september 2001 and the wars in afghansan and iraq .
institutional design requires a strong focus on the problem questions , innovative thinking and adaptive and capitalist reaction .
the stromatolites are the heroes of my story .
in flat sea sea , life unfolded early ; it turned into more complex shapes .
fluidos moved across continents . the great migration started .
some of the mammals returned back into the water .
every man should be able to call a luxury .
but there was nothing for that purpose , so we married mustaches with prostate cancer , and then we created our motto , which is , &quot; the face of the man &apos;s health . &quot;
mo boos from canada , from the united states , and the u.k. , and we call ourselves and we said , &quot; hey , there &apos;s nothing for prostate cancer here .
and i said , &quot; last year , we were fortunate to have 450,000 permia ambassadors . &quot;
this kind of entertainment , mentioning men , at any age , is so critical and important , and i think as much more important as the money we collect .
he could see what happened to his forest , his environment , because his grandfather took him under his collection when he was two years old and started teaching him about the forest and the way of his people &apos;s lives .
when i thought about it , i wonder what our grandchildren and our election would answer when they ask the same question .
we need new models to be a leader and a man of our world .
she works with people like murali krishna .
for a life , through everything , about the cultural revolution and everything that came after , he collected , so that he has over eight million components in his museum , documenting the contemporary chinese story .
it just happens .
my world is subjective .
or maybe he was just an yogi who was sitting on a rock and looked at the sky , and the sun and the moon .
and if you &apos;ve lived an extraordinary life , you &apos;re going to get into the elderly , or , as the french call it , the &quot; chops &quot; -- -- the sky of the hero .
and so it comes to these great rituals where big images of the mother &apos;s mother are building and being admitted for 10 days ...
see what is business because other than a result from the behavior of the market and the behavior of an organization ?
see , this is india today . the reason for reality is based on a cyclical world view .
you know , he &apos;s built the largest protected chain , which is called &quot; big breez . &quot;
&quot; why i &apos;ve chosen that path why the donations don &apos;t care me , get me simple , please . &quot;
intensity phanastics opens up the eyes for a new look at the myths india and the west -- and show why these basic systems of god faith , the deal with death and beyond the way that we can convince us to disagree .
but you know what ? it &apos;s almost 2012 , and it &apos;s like to say , &quot; i &apos;m completely competent , &quot; means to destroy itself with the weakest location .
you &apos;re interested in what ?
their friends and family are gathered together in the ceiling , and there , on their grave , is going to be a bulb , which says , &quot; here &apos;s an excellent engineer that created velcro . &quot;
they &apos;re happy . this is the conversation that mothers and fathers want to hear because their child is good in math , and they know what &apos;s next .
this is because they -- you know what they are .
i don &apos;t have patents , and i &apos;ve never received money from a medical programmer , and i don &apos;t want you to choose me .
so how do you know if your chest is high density ?
ultrasound has more biopsis to follow that are unnecessary to other technologies , and it &apos;s not very common .
if you find a tumor , as long as it &apos;s less than one centimeter , the death rate is over 90 percent , but it falls massfully with increasing tumor size .
the mbi image of the mbi shows this tumor much more , just like a second tumor , which is highly on the surgical possibilities of the patient .
it costs a radiologist for special education to become an expert in to distinguish a normal anatomic detail from an obligation .
some women who get breast cancer are dying , many years later , and fortunately , most of them survive .
dum da da da dum dum there taum there ta there &apos;s a lot of power .
we collect these physicists in los alamos to see what they &apos;re building .
mill .
they &apos;ve slept in those classes .
that &apos;s a surrounding vision .
it &apos;s a question of consequences .
so let &apos;s go to the point .
what did i do ? have i heard on my belly ?
that &apos;s interesting . that &apos;s another way of thinking .
the homarculus is basically a visualization of a human being , where every body proportion to the surface is proportional to the surface that he takes in the brain .
that &apos;s white noise .
and db is probably going to roll in your direction .
i just did it for making money .
thank you .
and he said to me after a long silence , &quot; i ask myself , matma , whether people here don &apos;t find your benches fascinating than my videos . &quot;
that &apos;s why i created with david edward , a scientist at harvard , an object that can absorb the toxic elements with these plants .
no , not potatoes , but tomatoes , but tomatoes and so on .
other people &apos;s tragedies can take easier than their own , and i want to really get the working spirit of this conference .
according to malcolm gladwell , &#91; the cocaine eradication &#93; is the cheap version of tomatoexso for the inner city .
he was a really interesting view .
he went back to the second floor and said , &quot; hey guys .
it &apos;s like mcdonald &apos;s .
let &apos;s think about other circumstances , where you can expect a very high risk .
the second reason was that the gang was brilliant in marketing and cheating .
economists talk about game theory -- that every game for two people has a nash equilibrium .
sketch is skydiving with a board on the feet .
it &apos;s just possible in the very high level like this , if you take step after step , when you really have intense physically and mindful to yourself .
ue : no . that &apos;s just smoke .
occasionally i meet scientists .
so i had hope that by adding some natural elements , a little bit of fog , i could tangibilitate space .
neanderthal means that it makes a difference whether you do something or not .
the big mountains in the distance move less .
how do we create an idea which is both tolerant to individuality and also to collective , without the two to poarify in two different directions ?
i talked about new types of ocean exploration , one that is looking at animals instead of defending them .
but even more incredible was the material that took the trotor submersible .
take them from the dead and take them off .
at that time , he taught the classics at the trinity college in duflin .
natalie merchant : the old poems about life
more likely than dolphin , it &apos;s hardly going to go .
as adults , when i realized about the amazing insights of penny patterson and koko , sue savage-rumbaugh with kanzi and panbanisha , ire pepeberg and alex , the papaagers , i was excited about this .
valent kur : ng , like that .
we are in the national aquarium , we &apos;re engaging for executive vaccine , for research and preservation .
but we were pretty fast that we had created a system that connects people together .
today . that &apos;s the first time you &apos;re wrong about this topic .
this is a picture of me and my daughter on which we hold an israeli flag .
&quot; because it works , make a poster with me . &quot;
they came and they were so many . one day , i remember that meal was talking to a journalist and asked him , &quot; who will see this ? &quot; and he said , &quot; everybody . &quot;
it &apos;s not the israel load page . it &apos;s not my page .
and sometimes war is uncomfortable . but sometimes , with a little bit of effort , we can avoid it .
and what we want to do with yes is moore , to try and say that the architectural avant is almost negatively defined by who or what we are .
and we saw this guy , harvard .
and slowly you start thinking that sustainable lives are less fun than living normal .
so if you go on the expo first to the danish pavilion . get a danish wheel , and go on to the other conditions !
it was interesting because they were arguing in the morning from nine to 11 about the rescue plan , how many billion they should invest in the rescue of economics .
this is a standard product from switzerland . in switzerland , there is a national need of diagnostic elevators .
we often make small films .
what i would like to talk about , these are the biggest problems in the world .
but , of course , it &apos;s a problem when you demand people to focus on problems .
so what i &apos;m involved in is really saying that for a very long time , we &apos;ve had a situation where we &apos;ve had a number of choices .
and then you ask why economists ?
but it says that what we can do about it is very little , too high cost .
there were a couple of millions of malaria in malaria that went on to several million a year .
what &apos;s happening here is that we think about our priorities .
it &apos;s a good film in terms of that i want to see him sure , right , but don &apos;t expect by empowered in his next movie film , branching in tanzania latrine or something like that .
they all had the same material , but they could leave significance to the discussion of discussion , and they made them safe to come up with their own lists .
creating his power , wealth and greater freedom is unattached . &quot;
secondly , china is able to reduce income distribution considerably without changing the political framework .
free house found that , although 50 percent of all countries today are democratic , 70 percent of them are repressive , in terms of people having no speech or freedom of freedom .
because ultimately , the question that shows us and 7 billion other people on this planet is : how can we create wealth ?
the serving is not so right at its place .
we &apos;re going to become what &apos;s really interested in us .
it was published six months ago , and it &apos;s just incredible attention in germany .
you have to ensure one of the growth of optimal temperature .
i think it looks easy for human skin , which is fascinated me .
but i think it could be a fairly smart and sustainable exercise to our targets .
chinese workers don &apos;t belong in factories because of our voracious demand for ipods .
just because one person spends your time doing a piece of something , it doesn &apos;t mean it becomes a piece of something .
and mim sister turned to him and said , &quot; some people understand that . you don &apos;t understand anything . &quot;
this is the coach apparonia , which was the min of my family in the train to her family .
the taliban runs their own schools .
if any kid gets caught at this , it &apos;s going to break it hard .
when i look at suicide bombers than i am , or at my age , i feel so inspired by her .
and this is going to come on , just sitting there on enceladus , of spacecraft , which hopefully is at some point in the middle future , specifically exposed to this question .
is the internet actually a place you can visit ?
and the landscape changes . three years ago , when i started dealing with it , there was just a wire along the african west coast , shown here in this map of steve song as a thin black line .
and that doesn &apos;t seem to me right .
this data is sent to the device layer for layer on the device , starting with the base of the product , and puts the material layer on layer by the new material layer in a adventure process on the old layer .
it was made by the layers of layers of about four microseconds .
a desurgency is going to be less likely .
you can just make it right in front of place .
this is where the product is made .
without any doubt , i think that this technology creates a revolution in production , and the production environment as we know it .
he was worried that if he called it in this name , especially outside , in public , you might think he would be a lake of the jihad perception of jihad .
they use his rhetoric .
the good news is it doesn &apos;t have to be that way .
but many of these factors that were playing a role are now even more stronger . half the work is done .
i was with my girlfriend &apos;s friend susan mut , the photographer valley valley slums .
she said , &quot; you know , poverty wasn &apos;t the bad . it was the humiliation and the pity of the whole thing . &quot;
do you think i &apos;m going to miss the violence or the drugs ? the lack of privacy ?
first , instead of months that will fly over and over , it was a lot more privileged .
but it &apos;s less likely to stay .
and during my first year there , i went on to my company .
it &apos;s even said that more energy is needed to make a solar cell than you get in your whole function .
but solar cells accumulate light for four and a half hours .
they &apos;re also under big pressure , and they &apos;re dangerous .
this is a heat engine .
it &apos;s just a little cylinder down here that has the generator and all the cables , and this is the hot cup , the hot cylinder at the top -- that part is hot , this is cold , and it &apos;s coming
you don &apos;t have to use hot water , it can cool up .
so here &apos;s a map of the united states .
and we have no birth to use this energy as fast as we do right now .
we blow it up and look at the parts .
it &apos;s a flying lab that we did the measurements in the region of this molecule .
but i kept writing bad poems , and he never pushed the math in the air , but he went to cuba .
so , from unpredictable , great things can come from -- -- from which i then get a picture of time that &apos;s finally going to land in my work .
i work for the new yorker , and i make title pages , and then 9 / 11 came from september , and that was , um , an absolute end of the world like us .
and then , &quot; make you feel really unclear ! be uniform with the tongue , but like that we understand it . &quot;
&quot; and he decided his topics had to be extinct . &quot;
this man is angry because somebody has spread around their staircase , and basically -- you know , magicar seems to be a topic here .
and she &apos;s gone with george gates , so i don &apos;t think so .
td : since my youngest childhood , and after that , a lot of different pathogens were given me , and when i was young , it always came to me that my journey was proved .
that &apos;s beautiful , but we should remind ourselves that a similar process should be going on in the internal level .
td : lakshmi worked incredibly hard , even for my invitation , including from everything that she did , and i was sometimes pretty resistant , and i was also very nervous about this whole week .
in those two examples we &apos;ve seen machines that have learned in the simulation , and others that have learned it in reality .
when i say , &quot; we , &quot; i mean the advice for outcomes .
but nobody believes it &apos;s actually going to be very effective if there &apos;s a real breakthrough .
most of the spending in the administration of bush is actually more connected to anthrax and the threat by bioweapons .
we know that the virus will be mutated . it &apos;s going to be another virus .
but in the scientific community , there &apos;s a very small debate about what percentage of flu transmission between people and the hunting are happening and how much about their hands .
some of the poorest countries that have most experience with h5n1 have camp full of drugs that have already gone .
and i think even our leaders would say that we have a lot to do .
i &apos;m happy to answer her questions .
our centers for disease control have one of them developed tests -- determined by rapid diagnostics .
and in the past h5n1 cases of people , similar bacterial infections were also not a problem .
don &apos;t just pay about how much fun you have with it , but also how the wonders change the way to interact with a city like san francisco .
please put a switch on me .
i &apos;m friends with a young juggler , and he &apos;s willing to sell three clubs .
since my childhood , i played with silk and climbing , so the case is done . i &apos;m 16 ; i &apos;m going to be a wireless .
manhattan is no longer into infinite .
so i &apos;m not supposed to bruggle here , right ?
i stick in the middle .
she got one , took me to the triumph .
because of the flooding leaves and the estate , it &apos;s very dark in the subwood and very quietly .
i and my colleagues of the canopy research us for the dynamics of the canopy plants that live in the forest .
we &apos;re advising with the media about canopy questions ; we have a canopy of new letters ; we have maillines .
and then the students came into our resistance , and they took their own speed with their own beats .
and our new project is that the inconveniences and ourselves are learning to grow the frog randa preagnosis , which is a highly devastating from extinct amphiba in the states of washington and oregon .
he said , &quot; look what you hired before you . &quot;
that &apos;s why we see a rising demand for information access , and therefore .
they &apos;re not a magician . they &apos;re not our parents .
you &apos;ve got to believe me . trust me . &quot;
that day i learned two really important things .
the deeper we go underwater , the higher the pressure .
so i started about 15 years ago .
the air goes into the exclamation , when the air comes out of the pencil , it comes out of the pencil .
every one of these computers can run the entire system , so if two of them come out , there are still reserves .
but this is what it looks like , and this habitat is still growing , over many miles .
sharks are not quite as dangerous as most people represent them .
when we found him , we weren &apos;t even sure what the family he heard , so we called him dr.-seone fish &#91; after &#93; the child automobile , because he looked like he was from one of his books .
the oxygen toxicity made a crap and he drove .
this means that each and every one of you here knows at least a child is suffering from an evaluation .
and his communication and social interaction improved so that he could visit a normal school and became a car superstar .
it &apos;s kind of like life : once you &apos;re in there , you can &apos;t get out of it .
i know you &apos;ve never heard of him , but remember that day , one day you &apos;ll hear her from him , because he &apos;s an amazing man . &quot;
nk : no , he died 25 years ago .
he had a lot of love , he loved everybody .
we , all of us , are what happens when an undergraduate of hydrogen and helium is doing so long that she starts asking about her origins .
these extremists prove that life can exist in many other environments .
so you have to learn the diversity and the incredible scale of life on this planet in the first step deeply , to be able to have a relationship with life elsewhere in the space .
it becomes silicon as important as aluminum , and we &apos;re going to extend it to the future by expanding it to 350 attacks so that it &apos;s sensitive and to extend moore &apos;s law to increased computing power .
and then we would like to improve the automotive search of human thinking .
a lot of people say it &apos;s the best place in the world to study the development of climate change .
every cylinder is a paradigm of time .
while they paint with the ice , they warm an extra pair of gloves in a oven so that they can take a new couple , if their work shoes touches and their fingers get stupid .
i think at this point , there &apos;s a little bit of an economic story .
and our soldiers aren &apos;t paying attention to putting pipelines in long distance , if they were actually reported to service to vote american battery .
you can push that further , and you can almost multiply with some functional improvements with some functional improvements , and doubles the great columbia .
we could make larger cars , which would allow safety to safety , but easy to be .
but instead , they sell it to china and japan , because we have the defeaters of our macroboards and the others don &apos;t .
and that &apos;s by making the military the step of the guidance of these kinds of materials , or in this case , to make ultra-precise fighters , as good school technology , as good school technology ; the military military can just do it
it can &apos;t just act around a giant sexual conspiracy .
there were two types of negative feedback that we &apos;ve received .
let &apos;s hope that it &apos;s really stable .
boom , i &apos;m wrong .
in the end , he found an art student , a dutch art collector named han van meegeren , who sold a wonderful vermeer to a price that &apos;s about 10 million dollars .
according to his biography , he looked like he first discovered that there &apos;s bad in the world .
&quot; it &apos;s coming on . what is it ? &quot; is a good answer .
but how attractive they find them , how much they &apos;re going to go sexually or romantic , depends on what they think they &apos;re looking at .
but each of these three objects has value beyond what makes it , because of his story .
but i don &apos;t want copy , even though i can &apos;t see the difference .
so he brought joshua bell to take his millions of dollars into a subway station in washington d.c. to go to a corner and see how much money he will take .
the second shock gives less because you &apos;re used to a little bit of it .
and when you read , you can see that maybe a kind of political value is there .
she suggests that she &apos;s a certified , professional member of the american banana of dignity , which sounds very glamorous and exciting .
and , of course , what you find is that people who eat vegetables and olive oil have less skin folds .
the platform is one of the most intriguing things throughout the world of medicine .
it &apos;s a proposal , if you give a drug in such a high dose that there will be more side effects , and that your new drug is going to look better .
the big attempts are closer to the true answer .
that &apos;s a problem for which there &apos;s no solution right now .
and very soon they would have begun to transport this coal , tone to notes , and train , train , boot , boat shooting to china , back to china and all around the world .
can you imagine what you would feel if you were at my point ?
it &apos;s all about oil ; you know that , everybody knows that .
there &apos;s this thing , the military military in the world , and it &apos;s right from the middle of the united states .
and what do you see ? they &apos;re christians .
man , the americans , are kind of like , &quot; ah , cross .
these christians are stopping .
they generalize . that &apos;s wrong .
and the soldiers are chinese , and everyone else is chinese .
can you imagine that maybe one of them dropped down to his child the morning and killed it and said , &quot; honey , i &apos;m back after that .
everything has changed .
and all that has had tremendous impacts on the world .
i think thomas jefferson really caught this very well in words .
so for the hollywood people in the audience , you can even explain why action films have a greater budget than comics , which is because action films make easier into other languages and cultures , so the market for these films is bigger .
but it &apos;s going to happen within this century .
this is not the per capita gdp of the united states , which is going to be over a million , but the gdp of the world per capita -- 200,000 dollars .
also , as everyone knows here -- it &apos;s about energy , not oil .
my choice is the peak of a life-long obligation that started growing up on the gulf coast of alabamas on the florida peninsula .
so a lot of our actions on this planet that are moving on our living environment are only motivated by faith and rates .
each one has been for thousands or millions .
we need to calm around before we ruin the planet .
e.o. wilson : saving life on earth
another key thing is the famous european automobile .
the prostate genome genome contained 1.3 billion base pairs .
the reversal of expansion falls into this category .
real falcons from slightly sub-saharan chickens .
there is a program of ecosystemism that &apos;s just brilliant .
this is an emotional topic . some people stood up .
my grandmother was a homewife .
i also made my own comics , which was another way to tell stories about words and through images .
and we sat there for a minute , in silence , and he said to me , &quot; you &apos;re really talented . &quot;
use your own style . draw not how to tell you .
&quot; rather jarrett , i &apos;ve received your postcards .
i &apos;m also going to publish a children &apos;s book , &quot; plusus police square : the feature of coke dape . &quot;
sound constantly affects physiological , psychologically , cognitively and behavior .
this is a 32 million pounds of expensive , significant university built , which was built recently in england , designed by a british architectural .
but it &apos;s not just kids who are affected by that .
people who say , don &apos;t let the team sit next to this team because the noise likes and the other quiet .
&quot; upwake &quot; tells a story about zero , a contemporary business man who &apos;s wearing his life in the suitcase with himself , and the relationship between dream and reality is not able to translate both .
344 dollars and four and a half years later , this became what asloasshows started , a secret of nine talented acts .
i know theater connects us together .
now the time we can use the diversity of our talents to create an intelligent , significant and extraordinary work , and overcome .
if you look around in the bathroom , you &apos;re seeing some products more like shampoo , tension , anti-folding crews , body crews , but too too paste .
injury collagen -- or , since the &apos; 70s , collagen of pigs -- is used to inject it in fold .
in total , i found 185 products .
and i said , &quot; my love , i fear , you have a long and embarrassing year before you . &quot;
i told them , you should hate this , &quot; i &apos;m somebody .
they gave me the feeling of being somebody in a time where i felt like no one .
they &apos;re working on the ninth , so they started in 1930 , and they &apos;re now reaching the letter p .
hundreds of verbs can be used like this .
you can see that as the language of the thought , or &quot; mental . &quot;
so the puzzle is , why constraints , popular questions , and the threats and the threats so often ?
you can try to imagine what if language could literally be used literally .
and the other puzzle is that i don &apos;t have a problem with that .
here &apos;s my argument . is it sustainable ? is it good ?
it makes it addictive . it &apos;s polarized .
what &apos;s the insight that you &apos;ve learned from that ?
all these different roles . can you imagine an argument that you participate in , but also sit in the audience and look at arguments ?
or -- and this is the most famous part of me : we want them to go out into the world of nature . we make a design challenge and find the masters of the adaptation in nature that could inspire us .
that changed everything . from there on , these engineers were no longer going to the boat .
here &apos;s the opposite -- here &apos;s how we make things .
this is sanie national lab .
that would be delight for fuel cells if it could come out without plain .
it &apos;s not easy because life only uses a percentage of elements in the periodic table .
feeling and reacting : feedback is very important .
what you don &apos;t see is you cannot count .
my first business was a cutaway . i started under the taliban .
in south korea and indonesia , almost half a million companies are women .
because , as we see from the world forum , there are smaller procedures in direct context to higher economic contracts .
and the ones around the world are not exceptions .
people would joke whether this disability and this wonr .
i &apos;ve gotten a platform of bio-yogurt , and i &apos;ve made a very unified cows on my workplace , and i &apos;d like to use paper papers to get it up .
we first took it off .
what does that mean ?
when i started working with them , i realized that she was incredibly adapted .
but researchers had a problem .
after all , until they graduated from the campus and left the campus -- and certainly happy to come out there -- a few times later , and i realized that crows still reminded them .
we &apos;ve found that they &apos;re really smart and they can teach each other things .
for example , squirrels would come over , search for the peanut and go back .
but there were three problems , three puzzles that i could not solve , and i want to talk about that , but more importantly , i found a blueprint .
who would ever hire me ? &quot;
and imagine what could happen because every region has something to offer .
let me make the connection .
you know that there are the masses of the future there . you have to understand that .
it &apos;s too simplistic .
oh yeah , i &apos;m going to be the johnny april of sound .
about 10 million phases .
and over here we see , with the words of the radiologist israel master , &quot; how the hand is going to take the penis in a way that reminds to murbool motion . &quot;
and she said , &quot; yes , but i would rather be eating when you don &apos;t have anything . &quot;
and i said to that , &quot; you should do an experiment .
he had a line in his book that was preferred from the harnessing monarchy , and there was a kiset maria dherkiia who had trouble with conception .
so now you have evolutionary excuses .
she said -- i have to read to you what she said because i find it so beautiful .
i find that very unfortunate . not because i &apos;d want to use him . i wanted to see him .
and that &apos;s actually the beginning of our story .
now , i would have thought to that moment that at the age of 50 , one of the skills that i really contributed was to combine my shoes .
first of all , i have to tell you that i &apos;m not here .
yes . the artist doesn &apos;t seem to know exactly where he &apos;s supposed to paint the different colors .
but i can see in your faces that they &apos;re still a little skeptical .
it &apos;s called &quot; unnamed , &quot; and i think that &apos;s appropriately appropriate .
and after a while , i decided to have something fun , and before i left the room in the morning , i made a couple of things in the room .
and now they &apos;re all in here .
my father was one , my adolescence was really interesting .
the song as a mere fact .
and i &apos;m like , &quot; wait a minute -- i &apos;m going to buy the wheels . &quot; from a protest protest , i bought the occasional wheels , and i built them up and -- look at me . could i have my
it just sounds simple , but i think we have a huge problem in our society and culture with intensity .
he had designed the suggestion itself , and he was really proud of it .
man , i love that thing .
the consequences of a planet already live 7 billion people .
especially proud , he was on the customer seat , the real customized seat that he gave in his triumph , and on the beautiful floods around the seat .
intent -- a life with intent -- conscious lived , living the original a little better .
i saw the healthy mass of a left delta , and i mutated that she was lost , mutated all the things i didn &apos;t do yet , but no longer possible .
and then i started to wonder how many times my life would have been , if that guy had not hurt me if my genes had contained a different portion of experience .
i was me , but i was now despite a retrofit myself , and that , i suspect , made me myself .
i had written on something much simpler : this turkish conclusion to come to four words and make me go back to my path .
he spent six months in prison , lost his truck drivers for a decade .
yeah , contrast .
we work with the machine lapal laboratory at university of california , san diego .
first , the perception of people . and secondly , a natural interface , a natural form of the service , so that interaction with the robot is going to be intuitively intuitive for them .
and yet , i made this idea .
so after seeing this economic danger , i thought we must find a solution to this problem .
some of them have actually invaded the speakers to talk about nathan myhrvold , or the one of tim ferriss that may be considered as a effort .
i don &apos;t know a tedtalk that includes that .
i paid 25 cents that time , because i thought the task was a little harder .
yet , there was one thing that everybody was safe : the expansion needed to slow down .
keep the mystery of dark energy in the back , because i &apos;m going to call three keys to string theory .
the candidates went to about 10 to eight .
and he worked for decades to explain that number , but he had no success , and we know why .
each of these universes has extra dimensions .
because the astronomers of today , by applying powerful telescopes to the sky , a handful of amazing photons -- a kind of cosmic telesgram , billions of years away .
well , i want to be honest with you and tell you that most of it is just a trick , but a trick that actually works .
remember , it &apos;s the first time you meet it . we want to meet it , but we really want to make them more curious and more curious .
he said , &quot; go , milo . come on . &quot;
pm : that &apos;s dimitri so much competition .
we don &apos;t know anybody here .
the next moment the phone doesn &apos;t work , the tv set goes out , armed men are on the street there are street curves .
it was a very grim meeting of reporters who had worked in the war , the employees of aid organizations , and of course the courageous , brave people from sarajevo himself .
if i &apos;m asked why i &apos;m going to go on and make a long coverage of why i &apos;m going to stay on it , that &apos;s the reason .
but it &apos;s my work in this stuff , and that &apos;s the kickx , the core of the thing , for us reporters .
even before a goal appears that she would fall out with the joystick cursor cursor , aurora tries to find the goal no matter where it is .
basically we took the animals so they learned to control these avatar and explore objects in the virtual world .
in an experiment that we did a few years ago , we went to the limit .
so we start in china .
so , dai manju did the work of work .
please raise your hand .
the last reason is that women are part of the solution , not the problem .
in nigeria , in the average , one of seven women dies at birth of a child .
it became part of the solution , not the problem .
larry summ , when he worked as a private economist of the world bank , once said , &quot; it can be good that investments in the education of girls in the developing world are providing the highest obstacles . &quot;
this is bill eastern &apos;s book .
and that was the feather of a bird .
this whole shift around one of our features tells us that there &apos;s a disorder .
and even this picture makes the suspicious impression , to be correlated -- like something from the barrier &amp; amp ; biy circus .
one of the ways that we could have been able to pull back in small family groups .
you put your arrowheads down and say , &quot; i want to trade these arrowheads against remote arrows . we share 50 to 50 . &quot;
there are places on this island where you can all make three or four miles into a new language .
if 27 individuals from those 27 members of these 27 members of the world were sitting on a table , spreading their 23 languages , then a simple calculation is that they &apos;re going to need an army of 253 translators to be
but it doesn &apos;t tell us they &apos;ve also had language .
and what i &apos;m most interested in is the invisible space between a text and the owner , and how the image is transformed through the text and the text through the image .
these are transatlantic underwater communication systems that connect across the bottom of the atlantic ocean and connect north america with europe .
they turn the negative around .
but through the impression of phantom , polaride , flexible photos and contracts can change the acceptance .
larry kidnethi was eight years of a 10 and a half years old , in arizona , in arizona and repeatedly , a 10-year-old boy at a year-by-year boy .
before that , people are leaving themselves .
and they brought them to texas for us here .
and now they drive with the feather , where it is at the moment .
it &apos;s just the length of space that makes it look like nothing .
this is something called addicted to a feeling : the pursuit of happiness and human design .
it &apos;s part of the legacy of the legacy of the pessimism , the pessimism , who thought the pursuit of happiness for former , it &apos;s driven by inappropriate aspects of the individual , and can &apos;t be found
one main point at science of happiness is that happiness and unfortunate can &apos;t represent the end points in a closed continuum .
it starts in the valentities .
here &apos;s a three weeks old baby .
in the animal kingdom , there &apos;s only one way to increase status , which is dominance .
i want to close with some quotations .
why should you choose rats ?
once the rat understood that , we solved the task a little bit .
you can actually heal t.b. , even in people who are hiv-positive .
with knowing that a patient who remains microscopic , up to 15 people -- 15 healthy people -- a year , can be sure we &apos;ve already saved many lives .
here we see neurons .
so this is important for imitation and emulation .
now the question is : if i just watch the other person touching , why am i not confused , and watching this touch of the block of how someone is touched ?
thank you . i have two missions today .
i &apos;m not really about the plants , but the pollen itself .
all these pictures were taken by a rocket microscope , by the way in the lab of kew lab products .
even every single one of us has a story to tell the pollen press on us .
we need to be as good as the breast cancer campaign to address this crisis .
right at the time in the 1980s , when we looked at women and death by heart disease , she wrote an editorial for the new england journal of medicine and called the yet syndrome .
our colleagues in washington , d.c.
we said , &quot; let &apos;s look at that . &quot;
in contrast to computer illusion , x-ray , thumbs , for women whose mice discard the eyes on the heart , every time we cause something that includes a small amount of radiation , we say , &quot; is this test really needed
okay , so here we are .
they did what they said they were holding for language , and they joined campaigns .
the cells have something like home ; in the dish , they don &apos;t feel local .
what does that mean for us ?
and over the course of three years , we took eight to 10 hours every day , about a quarter of a thousand hours of more powerful sound and paintings .
this is one of the first things that came out about a year ago that really surprised us .
and finally , my son is playing alone in a tube .
three of the most important people in this project project philip ku , rony cack and bandon roy here .
and there &apos;s a fascinating dynamic in the game .
this is the first time our son made more than two steps at once -- caught in the movie .
and that &apos;s an important question , because the better we understand how brains make meaning , the better we can communicate . i think the better we can think together and work together .
it &apos;s a kind of center where you see a picture and think , &quot; oh ! i &apos;ve seen a strong or emotional response to this . &quot;
what we &apos;re literally doing is borrowing our teams to paint the whole strategy on a big wall .
this is the first house i built .
it &apos;s not just about hygiene , but it &apos;s also about the opportunity for relaxation .
so don &apos;t build it one .
if you translate that into the building industry , if you have a window , and a window is broken , then we say , &quot; oh no , that &apos;s broken , it &apos;s got to be fixed .
that &apos;s the difference .
so we continued to hide .
are we just stupid ?
you can maybe cross it in two years when you read eight hours a day .
so you can make them in september and say , &quot; i &apos;m important today .
why don &apos;t you do that , and why aren &apos;t you doing that ? &quot;
and the police are waiting for the purchase of the firefighters to cut the vehicle into pieces to get out the body of the veter .
and that &apos;s going to the present day with the dollar in the united states , where a eye of divine employees find .
all that leads us to -- program , just to name this : what we most do is to use digital devices .
this is the consequence of destruction of more than one third of the brain on the right through the stroke .
it &apos;s a very , very low level to be displaced from the healthcare system .
he then held my jaw in the right position while he correct my teeth .
alfred man is a brilliant physicist and innovator who is fascinated to close gaps in consciousness , whether there &apos;s a deaf that &apos;s hearing the hearing , or a blind , or a paralyzed the movement .
now , in the dark years , i had to figure out what was going on when everything that was disappeared today .
and it works . it works .
swe : so if you have the opportunity , you spend time with simon .
and these were the developing countries : they had great families and a relatively short life .
and these are on this side . it &apos;s a great surplus of africa and the world .
and then deng xiaoping came and brought money to china and brought the country back to a middle line .
a search function that we can copy the data in a fragile format and publish globally , and what do we hear when we look around ?
but this creates hypotheses .
you know , darwin explained life after it came out , but what was the essence of life ?
and that &apos;s where i learned francis crick .
but it was in the literature .
we weren &apos;t the best chemists in the room .
i was unhappy ; my girl didn &apos;t marry me .
so you can compare the dna of the normal segments and the cancer sectors of segments .
and so i close by telling you that we looked at 20 people with schizophrenia .
average , in this case , the defense costs two million dollars and takes 18 months when they win .
first , they can &apos;t fight against the patent , but against the loss .
my solution : give me this patent and i &apos;m going to leave you with blogging .
&quot; why not ? &quot; asked the girls .
the fathers were in a place where they move their daughters to play , get out their chairs and get their hand out to dance .
that &apos;s a great technology .
it &apos;s not very much left in the world .
it can &apos;t survive for a long time in people .
can &apos;t see the enemy most of the time , and because of that we needed another process to eradicate polio when we made it with smallpox .
it helped control pandemic flu , for example , sars .
the reality of polio today is something very different .
and yet , the impossible is happening .
bill gates : now bruce , where are the hardest places ?
bruce langleward : how we &apos;re going to bring polio to be a silence
dj : we found this individualism now in all kinds of animals , especially with the big cats .
and to our surprise , it became a cult film .
for us , this elephant has become a symbol of inspiration , a symbol of this hope that &apos;s accompanied us in our work .
it was incredibly amazing when they took it in safety to protect it from the hyena .
and of course , if i look at these lions , it reminds me of a human hand in a very unusual way , and that &apos;s ironic because your fate is in our hand .
we need it . we respect and celebrate each other as a man and a woman , as a community and a part of this planet and we need to move on with it .
it seems to be obvious that the earth is big and moving , the sun is small and moving , but it &apos;s worth trying to remember what wiltestone is saying to that .
and that &apos;s because there &apos;s always there in the middle world of airplanes .
nature of this model depends on what kind of animal we are .
because there are so many of them , and because between them no consensus of their precedent moving movement , the murder , as we see it in the middle world , is crucial and determined .
to treat people as machines may be scientific and philosophical , but it &apos;s an obstacle time waste , if you want to guess what the people who are going to do next .
overnight , i became a stupid tragedy at the age of 40 for 40 years .
on a cursor that i control with my head , these web slides allow me to see videos from the robot and send orders by putting buttons in a web browser .
with the help of people like you , we can make this dream .
for example , in the oceanography , for example , a regular lexicon of demonstration language is designed by basically visualizing the rays , visualizing the dolphins .
i think together we can form a global community .
this is a hot split topic .
there are now some -- there are some lessons that you can learn from .
but normally we don &apos;t normally do that .
i think we tend to look at this : the infrastructure of globalization .
that &apos;s gone down to 12 percent now .
this is a problem we need to solve .
i also assume that most of you don &apos;t speak chinese -- which is really sad when you think this is the most common language on the internet .
what do you see ? maybe we should do that .
if you look at this picture , you might think , &quot; why should i care ? &quot;
but there are all these different techniques that allow you to go out and look at the world and find its place in it .
they would get wealth and security to overcome religious violence and make sure that states never released terrorists .
and part of that activity is honesty .
what is that ?
i love that dish .
and the war strained that took 20 million people life -- until today the deadly civil war .
empathy , who is this guy , &quot; i would have made all of this money , but i &apos;ve spent all that time looking at the american man who had stolen my recipe .
chinese restaurants have done the same thing , i would argue , i would argue , with the men and the truth -- even the restaurant name -- but without a centralized mainstream .
in contrast , we have general tso chicken , which actually started in new york city in the early 1970s , when i started at the university in new york city in the early 1970s .
so what we see in the 17th century , 18th century is the previous search for medicine at the time of struggle that creates the same thing .
so people would have a really big accident .
when the transplants started to become less , i was definitely depressed , until i thought , my god , i can &apos;t work anymore .
do you remember having to get a child on any line ?
at 18 and 19 , i went through the night .
again , i &apos;m going to get a little depressed and some obsessive .
many of us are clear that in the next few years , there &apos;s a lot to do with the building of a better world .
he goes around , &quot; how does it feel to be free ? &quot;
you know . where was the world working together at the treatment of the known problems that made out of the potential of earthquake and climate change ?
if you put the impossible , you make it possible .
but we &apos;ve achieved a deal of climate change .
and there was god crying .
the rope makes something remarkable : it uses two ingredients , proteins and water that are in their spinnerets to create a material that is extraordinarily hard , comparable with technical fibers as kevlar fibers .
or you create beautiful things like this , if the camera can capture it .
here &apos;s how it &apos;s taken from the tissue .
with my new project , marilyn monkey , i want to use art to create technology .
there &apos;s also a microphone that records the united kingdom and the applause and the budgets -- hopefully no -- to help him make some of his next decisions .
what am i going to do ? &quot;
in the frame of this never dated demonstration , heather knight , a robot food chemist , who can get a lot more than a single -- he collects the feedback of his audience and resembles his behavior the answer of the amount
stanley milgram , inventor of the famous &quot; six redgreen of separation &quot; in the 60 and 70s , that there would be between two people a connection between only five to seven steps .
how does our view of relationships change in very devastating groups ?
but there was a conversation that i &apos;m going to tell you about , and where he might have been able to put that flash into the ear .
um ... my father , a intelligence agent ? !
it was his father who decided they needed false papers .
this sense of responsibility about the life of others , despite his young age of 17 , and also his guilt to be a survivor , because he was out of a camp , while his friends were stuck , kept his entire life .
and while my sonsister and half gave up , sort of orphan , my father made false papers .
i asked him , in face of the victims he had given if he ever felt .
we grow up with a couple of millions of people on the seven billion people we are today .
the arctic , a beautiful system , a regulated biomaterial on planetary level , which is a climate change after the next tag , which is seemingly in a good state .
if you squeeze the forests , the border in the country &apos;s buses , you undergraduate the capacity of the clinic system , to remain stable .
with the insights of tourist , fishermen , the australian great barrier reef authority and scientists , that the great barrier reef is damaging in the current control regime .
but , of course , the drama is , of course , that small-scale change is not an option .
and that leads me to another reason why i &apos;m here today : because i really like media .
this is a rest of a race of far-evolved survey .
first of all , he uses an ancient kind of manufacturing that went and connected this with a three-dimensional perspective , which was a whole new technology at that time .
and by building sugar on black paper , i introduced portraits from them .
it became very big images , and i took them up with a very large camera , an 8710 camera .
my interest in acting , particularly bad acting , is very far .
on the back of the back , a sequence that &apos;s also occurring in chimpanzees .
so we can ask : is there any general differences between africans and people ?
and then you can compare it to the genome of today &apos;s living people .
so we can ask ourselves the same question for the mayor man , like neanderthal : have you mixed with the ancestors of today ?
there are a lot of people who created their own future vision , like this vision in the beginning of the 20th century .
to my belief , the airplane of the future has its own consciousness .
imagine carbon or nanotubes grow in the 3d printer , and they &apos;re embedded in a plastics , and they follow the forces that enter into their components .
they didn &apos;t speak . but mostly they were extraordinarily isolated by the world around them , from their environment and from the people .
they would drop back . they would call the police .
we now know that it &apos;s about one in 100 .
you can see a video .
and you feel that the research that you &apos;ve been busy with , really , is a effect on reality , that it can actually prevent these experiences that i &apos;ve started my journey in this area .
you then pick it out .
the first thing you do in a rigorous body posture -- chin on the chest , put arms on your reserve parachute .
they were doing everything just like we taught them .
and after battle , they bring this mobile class and do what you call &quot; recovery , &quot; to teach you what you did wrong .
and people have changed .
i said , &quot; where &apos;s he now ? &quot;
this is not a child game .
and she showed up on the left piece to tell me how problematic this picture was , which was committed to them with the idea of how black represented .
it &apos;s really in that sense of the duck that i have a new series of questions that i ask .
well that &apos;s kind of an obvious statement up there .
and the children said , &quot; how should we . &quot;
i think they &apos;re trying to multiply numbers .
so i said , &quot; how long have you been dealing with this before you decided you didn &apos;t understand anything ? &quot;
their dots increased 50 , which is otherwise that they &apos;re going to get the schools in new delhi with a worth of biotechnology .
it was 76 percent . at the test , two months later , the result was 76 percent .
after eight ted talks , he wanted to become lemonade da vinci .
this is 10-year-olds .
suddenly , from the darkness , i looked out of the darkness on the opposite side of the place a flash of mirrors , which were replaced by the moon .
if i had to reduce the whole story on a picture , what would it be ?
i &apos;m going to show you now some clips from my other great project that year , &quot; the tempest &quot; -- the storm .
and our little life ends up in a sleep .
bono : they are mythology .
i know you understand that .
so , blue , blue , everything became blue .
i want to tell you two stories . both play in africa .
it &apos;s another that acts at the interface of health and business .
let &apos;s use the markets as the sensitive sensation that we have , and figure out what price people would pay for it so that they have the dignity of choice .
thank you .
the fundamentally , if my mother couldn &apos;t understand it , we couldn &apos;t put it in the video .
we destroy two more pizer and 10 tvs .
the little tendency to get out of his lane , and that was a problem .
this is pretty good . it &apos;s slow .
i &apos;d like to show you a video of some of the models i work with .
producing tissues and behavior is the second part , and that &apos;s actually going to be the key to using these models for effectiveness .
thank you .
the attempt just to fly , like trying to shoot a arrow with the federal end to the front , was hard work , and boy , boy , i &apos;ve learned a lot of respect for nature .
now let &apos;s look at the other side .
we work on projects -- even flat developments , as graduated as weather profits -- with darpa , california institute of technology and university los angeles .
be careful , behave like wood , or something like that .
now i didn &apos;t try to be better .
they go on forever .
that &apos;s over two billion .
it requires him about the three years of sunday .
don &apos;t forget to pull one .
but for me , it &apos;s great because it &apos;s a metaphor for the time we live in human mind , in human mind and machines .
i &apos;ve got mass . where does it come from ?
it &apos;s too afraid that the way in which it could be extinct in 20 to 30 years .
all the evidence suggested that this cancer is going to transmit from one virus .
i took the opportunity , and i took some samples from jonas &apos;s tumor and some samples from other parts of the body .
she brought him to the veterrane , and this discovered something disgusting .
in the end , cancer is an inevitable consequence of the ability to share our cells and adapt to their environment .
and i &apos;m not alone .
and this is a global phenomenon .
they would pay for it to wait for that .
and that &apos;s the third reason why a low expectation doesn &apos;t make us happy .
but they didn &apos;t feel that the numbers were hitting them .
first i &apos;m going to show you the average values for the optimism bias .
but the good news is that our illusion doesn &apos;t break when we get to be aware of this .
but what we &apos;re going to see in the 21st century is asia that comes back to increased more than half the world &apos;s population and affording over half of the global economic performance .
this could look at this as the privatization of war .
after 1958 , the soviets had shot sputnik , and it said , &quot; this is america &apos;s end . &quot;
if you live in japan or new delhi , or if you &apos;re a view of china , you will be slightly different than when you live in beijing .
and if we have strategies in which we &apos;re going to bring this into larger historical context , we will be able to do this process .
how do we define our national interests so that it &apos;s not only a zero-sum , but positive summe .
that &apos;s the conventional approach .
it typically has the responsibility to escape peacekeepers to guarantee a stable security condition .
they &apos;re dependent on long term .
jobs for who ? especially for young men .
after most of the legal system , you can &apos;t even get pieces of pieces .
the care would be made by their own after conflict increased government .
this is the silhouette of my hometown of new orleans .
the military figured it out . they call climate change a risk of security and stability , as governments discussion in the world , how to react to it .
it allows you to become more productive so that they can afford for themselves over time .
these are certainly inspiring examples of possible solutions , if we feel able to plan for a change in the world .
listen like chinese students practicing english by writing it .
teacher : perfect ! students : perfect !
and that includes things like the concrete world with classification , introducing abstractions that we &apos;re trying to make logical consistency , and we also take the hypothetical serious , and we &apos;re wondering what might be than what it is
luria looked at people before they entered the scientific age , and he found that these people were resistant to a classification of the collective world .
and luria said , &quot; at the north pole there &apos;s always snow .
she chose albanm instead of new york .
it wasn &apos;t just the spread of cognitive sophisticated professions .
would you have earned it to be killed ? &quot;
you could say , a half a turn .
it feels like i landed in a colony of angels .
and they agreed to make a degree to something .
he &apos;s still in the red numbers , but chris was doing personal victims , making this film .
i &apos;m one of her teachers .
there &apos;s a prime minister , foreign minister , defense minister and a financial leader or president of the spirit .
boy : world peace game is serious .
we were all up to them , &quot; why are you doing this ?
it &apos;s going to be much more real than you read it . &quot;
we &apos;ve always played the game after school for weeks , about seven weeks before , and we had basically all the 50 in each other trapped .
and we have 600 billion dollars .
many people announced good paying jobs and joined the national movement .
it &apos;s like his own little connection .
if i went through all three legs of it , in the three peaks of the triangle , i would get a teaghedron .
so all you do is -- it &apos;s a very provenent thesis -- this old bicycle and this old plastic &#91; unclear &#93; . this footprint is very simple in an old bicycle .
this is possible if you have a whole piece of paper , there &apos;s a pig &apos;s paper -- you can be in a messy school or a state school -- a leaf , a ruler and a pen , no glue , no scene .
what we do is a very simple electromotor .
this is a little straw , which you do , is to cut these two corners here , it becomes like a baby crocodile .
here are two magnets .
it was a lot of pastives on the ship , and they got bored , so the captain would invited them to his deck .
at the k conference , aravind gapta shows simple and amazing plans to transform waste in really entertaining , good conservation toys that can build children -- while they learn basic principles of science and design .
it was a big challenge , and it was actually examples of biology that gave a lot of evidence .
and there are some examples of projects that consciously imitate ecosystems .
and with a little bit of planning , we can do a place of traffic in a turn that offers open space for people that can connect people with food and waste waste in opportunities .
this photograph was made at the day of complement , and only one year later , it looked like this .
if you miss seawater , the first thing is calcium carbonate is calcium carbonate .
no , you have to explore the people soul with visions distant with visions . &quot;
i was looking for somebody who is jewish because i &apos;m jewish , and because that &apos;s very important to me .
but the real crash was that there were lots of men who wanted to go out with me .
very few of us have the ability to be absolutely honest with ourselves .
he likes to travel , as long as it &apos;s not on a crossroads .
i was basically trying to be like mlelesonine &apos; 78 .
because you remember my contest system : you have to get a mining number of 700 points , and nobody did .
most of you . rivers are 33 years old on average , not eight years , and if we look at the excellent demographics of computer games , the gay from tomorrow is older adults .
imagine your vision is very , very good .
these grivers have even many other benefits in terms of attention , and one aspect of attention , which is also clearly improved , is our ability to pursue objects in our environment .
i want to ask you to realize this result , and to put it in the context of another group of technologies , a group that actually has been highly considered in our society that are made of multi-polar tasking .
let me explain this step with a task called mental rotation .
it &apos;s the idea of computation .
let &apos;s just run all sorts of different programs that we look at , run .
so it was a big , very complex project that i didn &apos;t even even know if it was working at all .
so wolfram alpha knows about many and a lot of things .
on the one hand , we have mathematica , with the kind of precise , formal language and a great network of carefully developed capacity , able to do a lot with just some lines .
so , with physical material research , we &apos;re basically used to being used to the world and realizing that certain materials make sense for certain technological purposes and so on .
a couple of years ago , i was pretty excited about the discovery that there are candidates with incredibly simple rules that make a special relativity success successfully and also give general relativity and gravity and at least in quantum mechanics .
sw : i did .
and during that time , i actually lost more relatives , as well as teachers that made me out of hiv / aids .
they jump up . they wear red clothes .
because my mother was a woman , she didn &apos;t have a right for property and automatically , all my family owned , why my father , so he was right .
and the day before the actual ceremony , we were excited , and we were excited , and they didn &apos;t sleep all night .
he was wearing sacred and this in a village that had not even whispered roads . it was very attractive .
i promised him to be a braves girl , i would come back and do everything they would demand after me .
if it was pregnant before the marriage , the mother was made for accounting and punished .
as we speak here , 1225 girls will never be mured again .
consumers that represent 72 percent of american branches , actually start to pay the same as banks and companies to pay fresh capital back to their fresh capital , everyday life , to free themselves from commitment and risks that encounter us when
and finally , what you see here is the whole phenomenon of the fact that we are actually talking and basically future education , the future children of our households .
scale is up by 48 percent to the cornell institute .
we also see a trend to some modest tourism . right ?
one is the strength of community and neighborhood , and increased employees of the neighbors as a support .
we also see a great homework movement .
the trend to the handwork is immense .
then we &apos;ll take the phenomenon of cogiids .
and then i came up with the question , am i the only one that does this ?
you could exploit them .
this is what i do in my life -- stories , novels , and today i want to share with you some stories about the art of storytelling and also about some supernatural creatures , the south god .
our imagination could shrink . our hearts could conclude , and our humanity could reconcile when we limit to our cultural chocolate too long .
that &apos;s where i first met , the first time i call it , &quot; representative foreign foreigners . &quot;
i &apos;m not an immigrant , no refugee or exile . i &apos;m going to ask why i &apos;m doing this . but the commute of languages enables me to reinvent myself .
he wanted to see a manifestation of my identity .
my tiny story became a huge issue , because i was disgusted .
literature must lead us to the other side .
i could write a novel about a muslim woman , and maybe that will be a happy story , and in my next book , i might write about a good , gay professor in norway .
it &apos;s so remixing . you take existing songs , you take it into little pieces , you form these pieces , you mix them together , and you get a new song , but this new song is clearly out of old songs .
instead , these laws and laws use the more awkward comparison of property .
it &apos;s a 28-year-old software patent , but i &apos;m going to conclude what it covers . spiller alarm : the scanning of the phone by putting a symbol with its finger .
our creativity comes from the outside , not by the inside .
and then they say , &quot; okay , but how do you see the address ? &quot;
in fact , it &apos;s not my fault ; it &apos;s from the guardian newspaper .
what &apos;s beautiful , you can probably see this limb there , a kind of clean smash bottle , which is uploaded from the limb .
our exploration of the solar system has taught us that the solar system is beautiful .
so this led to a understanding of nuclear structure , because it &apos;s exploring that atoms have a single core with pitches that circle it around .
this picture shows a galaxy , one of the world galaxy , with , well , 100 billion stars like our sun .
and i think it can ultimately release the profound ideas for us , about our place in the universe and really the value of our home planet .
this is here . this is at home . that &apos;s us .
and with every mouse click , and every touch of the screen , we &apos;re going to let the screens and secret flowers of our personal information all over our way through the digital forests .
when our daughter sat down to the breakfast , i asked her , &quot; will your school be worth a lot of musical competence ? &quot;
we can &apos;t sit around here in the middle of here .
well , i want to take you on this journey .
and because i talked so much and i was talking so much about my 27th birthday , that i would no longer speak a day -- a day .
and they &apos;re not talking ... ?
and i explained to a friend of mine who understood my sign language that i was john francis that i did not speak , and that this would be the last time somebody would translate my sign language .
well , i was shooting my backpack again .
i started talking again because i studied environmental science .
but the dress was that i was thinking about my silent at every birthday , but never about my decision to use my feet .
born and grew up in north korea .
sometimes i found small jobs in the trade for food .
i always worried that i was going to be sent back and sent back again .
i felt so powerful because i had so much food in america , but my father died of hunger .
but i firmly believe that your gesture of love and care can also save the life of another joseph and change thousands of other joseph &apos;s lives that still have hope to survive .
it &apos;s very complicated to test new materials for buildings , but this was much stronger than i expected , and make it easy to water , and as an industrial tool , also driven heat .
but then i was very disappointed with my profession as an architect because we don &apos;t help , we don &apos;t work for society , but for privileged people , rich , government , developers , developers .
and then the following year , 1995 , there was a big earthquake in kobe in japan .
so i wonder , what is a permanent and a temporary building ?
but it really is .
so , we learn some of the most important things in our lives before we &apos;re born , still in the womb .
so fetuses even learn the particular language that &apos;s spoken in the world that they &apos;re born in .
there &apos;s a mixture of influence that &apos;s so individually and curious about the woman itself .
why should malnutrition lead to later disease ?
you can see new eyes as well .
this trust in the fiction is essential to any kind of the theory of the brain .
the audience will be exposed to mutations , which are very logical , but not what &apos;s happening in front of your eyes . &quot;
and if it &apos;s a good story , maybe it &apos;s even bringing us to smile .
you may remember that as the ann-time warm fusion , okay . now , as the biggest deal of all time .
if you &apos;re a high animal at unesco , and someone tells you , &quot; what do you really do for the elimination of hunger in the world ? &quot;
they said , &quot; can we start an ad campaign ?
this is actually a strategy , and i don &apos;t necessarily argue strategy is a role .
for me , all the music became .
now , if i use my software , the camera sees the infrared point , and it requires the place of the camera pixline relative to the project pixels , and you already have a whiteboard .
i remember the poor needed something physical -- food , clothing , underdog -- what they didn &apos;t have .
i even felt a shame by shame .
now , since i heard him speak , i was excited for various reasons .
i wasn &apos;t even asked by a spike , which was usually my way .
it &apos;s about reinforcing the history of the poor , and it &apos;s about giving a way to engage what your dignity would confirm , a partnership doesn &apos;t confirm one , which is based on a traditional type of donation , it
it &apos;s a much more meaningful combination , a very strong combination .
right now , professors are still at the beginning , and it &apos;s sensitive to me , and it &apos;s very clear to me that it &apos;s just a vehicle , just a tool .
what does the future of humanity look like ?
now i turn to the second big question : are we alone or is there other lives in the universe ?
the answers to these big questions show that we &apos;ve done remarkable progress over the last hundred years .
and look at this .
here &apos;s photographs of myself .
the rate actually does doubling every 18 months and every one member of the substance of the substance , which is motor law .
but what about them ? what is going to make with them ?
they sail in their subjects over the sky , and once they take people for experiments that their parents wouldn &apos;t agree .
so we &apos;re interested in things like this .
earlier generations couldn &apos;t do these experiments at all .
and that &apos;s what i found out that the first technology showed 2.6 million years ago in the form of stotatopics .
we can learn a lot about it .
and i look carefully , and i try to protect my child , because with such a child you don &apos;t leave anybody alone , even a minister .
and second , she tells us she had an upright job , but some adaptation to the climbing of trees .
until now , our knowledge came about our ancestors in principle of adult individuals because the fossils , the baby fossils , are missing .
the palestinian algorithm is exploring the origin of humanity in the entire ethiopia . he &apos;s talking about how he found the oldest skeleton of a humanoid child and what we can learn in africa about our human beings .
and then , of course , if everybody is supposed to keep the rules , of course , you need an effective system for controlling and translating , because as we &apos;ve noticed , in all confidence , it needs control .
it &apos;s seen as a high seas because the continent was recorded by territory .
we need to work local , but we need to move out of sea central africa .
we have to create a new paradigm of precautions and respect .
carol cojta says , &quot; i would pay to do what i do . &quot;
that was probably a pretty good idea .
to tell you , i &apos;m a journalist , not a technologist , so i want to design a sketch , which is what the present and the future will look like .
and finally , i think we all have to think about whether we want our reality to be -- and if what it means for our idea of life and for everything that comes next .
it looks like oil oil .
the symptoms of complex are that you have the strongest and unchanging opinion to have the right solution , no matter how hard the problem is .
cesar and i tried to write an article for the new york times and explain how it works .
of course we can .
earning a lot of money .
for example , it &apos;s higher than americans .
we &apos;ll try that . probably all go wrong .
brush immediately off . &quot;
taniy always tried it again , but he could never prove the guess .
i &apos;m saying that our approach is simply not tragic .
china wants this to be achieved in 20 years .
we don &apos;t even slow down .
the future is naturally uncommon .
yes , it &apos;s going to become ugly , and yes , it &apos;s going to happen soon -- certainly in our lifespan -- but we are more than able to overcome everything that &apos;s coming on us .
and this is where they come in .
and what we need to think about is this : when you &apos;re dancing in flames , what &apos;s next ?
and we thought we can take these blades on our children , but imagine it .
everything else is reported .
this is the financial crisis .
students wanted to know what level of development is going on .
that shouldn &apos;t be amazing , right ?
all we get is roomb .
you &apos;re going to be able to focus on listening maybe the sensitivity , or you can get some of the things that we can &apos;t .
that &apos;s not 1,000 years in the distance .
we should ban these cheap , simple cheaper , and nobody can use them for their children . &quot;
and here we can see that value .
we cannot risk losing the trust of customers .
he only got 500 and could have gotten up to 1,000 . &quot;
and he had a huge summit full of ballboplal pills that they got , and he said , &quot; come back in a week if you &apos;re sick . &quot;
the internet , as we know it , the kind of web -- the things we all talk about -- is a line less than 5,000 days old .
of course , the internet has been around for more than 5,000 days -- the web only 5,000 days .
so if we say the machine that we created is now a blow , a human brain , if we look at the rate that is growing , there &apos;s six billion heat in 30 years .
now it &apos;s not like that -- if you make a chart and things at work , a word document , you &apos;re not part of the web but you &apos;re going to be part of the machine .
i say , &quot; people are becoming the extended senses of the machine . &quot; in some sense .
it becomes the level of parts or ideas or words if you want to dissolve .
the last point i wanted to talk about is the idea that we &apos;re going to depend on .
third , it &apos;s going to be more ubiquitous , it &apos;s going to fill our entire environment , and we &apos;re in the middle .
and in a week , i was convinced that the second reaction of jesus christ had occurred that it was sun my time , and i was selected specifically by god and was prepared to become his younger .
these are the dead of jonas .
and it allows everything . it makes it sound .
so i &apos;m going to start with some simple ideas about how we do things .
this is a project that we &apos;ve just completed in penangen for a huge city project that came right out of this process , it &apos;s the result of a number of forces that develop it .
and that led right into another project .
it &apos;s actually a false mindset because the hybrid is probably more interesting .
i &apos;m interested in how these ideas are contributing to the educational process of young people .
and at the end of one of the most interesting projects -- in court .
each one of them turns into their neighbors .
like , we need to pay school money .
so we have a big brain , a big advantage , because we can influence our environment .
my story , is the two brains . it may surprise you , our gut owns a full brain .
this muscle control is very , very important , because it can give reflex .
we &apos;ve learned to talk to the big brain , taste and reward , as you know .
he said , &quot; you know , eventually , we were all like animals and then no longer . &quot;
these are men and women who can still name 250 stars in the night sky .
of course the tibet monks said that .
the intiitive , the breasts where the sun depends on the sun is actually a obstacle that reflects the light on the sacred apu from machu picuu , the chimpanzee , called huay picchu .
if you pray for the dead , take the hands of these gestures that you &apos;re thinking about to spid your thoughts into the sky .
here &apos;s the place where the big mother has set up the storage in the world , and they &apos;ve created the mountains and created the homeland that they call the heart of the world .
these are unique faces of human imagination .
this material that you all know about is styrofoam , but i think it &apos;s more like toxic white stuff .
i &apos;m sitting in there , they fit in there , because in a hundred years , my body can return without preparation to the earth .
it &apos;s an abuse .
you want to apply it anywhere in the world and not need to care about rice or crowds because you have many different alternatives .
first they start atoms in a special bottle .
i started a competition called &quot; dance your ph.d. &quot; competition four years ago .
my country is delighted with 15 trillion dollars .
and that &apos;s -- -- that &apos;s much more challenging than all the speakers before me and all those that will come after me .
and she thought about my work at mathematical models that should promote an understanding of evolution and modern genetics .
the other half of the audience doesn &apos;t like head-tail-tail -- from profound , cultural reasons , for boring -- and find another pattern much more interesting -- head-tail-head .
you can think about it in two ways .
if you throw a coin , you get a sequence of head and numbers .
back to more of the world &apos;s issues , because you &apos;re engaging with uncertainty .
and only one percent are wrong .
he was posting , &quot; i suppose , after a sudden child food in a family , the probability of another is left . &quot;
not as unlikely as one in 73 million , but still pretty unlikely .
all the quality control that has a widely far impact on industrial processing is carried by statistics .
the smoke is maybe saved hundreds of thousands of lives , worldwide .
so , an intelligent power dose prevents injury because the electricity is always out until an intelligent amplification is recognized . simple .
however , on the other hand , china is a switchland . it &apos;s a concept from facebook .
you have facebook , we have removed .
yet the chinese can create a very strong force , which has never been in the history of china .
that &apos;s why china looks at this microbial as real medium , not just as blogs .
like a big ted , isn &apos;t it ?
so over the last three years , civil movements really changed by microbial government , making more and more transparent because they don &apos;t have access to the data .
more and more chinese see free opinions and human rights than they were born , instead of one of america &apos;s imported privilege .
many of you know that beethoven &apos;s seventh symphony was .
i &apos;m not saying they can &apos;t live a wonderful life .
girl : well , my sister can pretty nerves .
the acoustics of music is much more complicated than language .
this is a violin .
and it seems like his battle has been removed to try to determine the cause of death , which is why there was sound , and it has his skull on the pages of pages .
cl : joseph is phenomenal . he &apos;s brilliant .
when i look around , in this tedxamster auditorium , i see an special audience .
in many countries , this is another thing .
at this key point in the dutch story , my father at the bank of the water river was near nijmes .
the rate of civil wars and oppression has been down since the end of the cold war .
my soldiers use their weapons as tools of peace .
peter van clah : why i took a gun
this program gets a form and then looks at 250 dna sequences .
this is a tension of domestic meadows , in the middle of yosmite .
you can &apos;t make &quot; not laugh . &quot;
i &apos;m very interested in that .
and i &apos;m going to give you a little example of this , but there &apos;s actually a theoretical argument for why technology evolved in exponential ways .
well , the evolution of our species took hundreds of thousands of years , and because of this interaction , evolution used basically the technology generated species to make the next stage , which was the first step in technological evolution .
we live in a three-dimensional world , so we can use the third dimension to the third dimension .
over the last 50 years , we had compromised in information technology a year , 28 percent of growth in dollars .
another big revolution is the communication revolution .
to come back to our exponential growth of computing : 1,000 dollars of computation is currently about the brain of an insect or a mouse .
and in 2029 , we &apos;re going to reach the full order of these trends , and they have to be able to do how often the sacred is in the form of technology -- faster and faster when we get to that point .
you can get blessing and navigate .
they &apos;re harder .
they were removed from the genius .
because there &apos;s nothing in there . well , in fact , there &apos;s nothing here .
dopamine is apparently the stuff that is associated with pattern failure .
and that &apos;s what we call schizophrenia .
and he was so friendly to post that and give us the resolution .
i mentioned in our little thought experiment earlier , you &apos;re a hominid in the african flatland .
september 11th has a conspiracy theory . it &apos;s a conspiracy .
and we have our own limb match , and we have a leading product .
i wasn &apos;t as good as he , but we managed to , yochai n &apos;ore , sty , tracy chapman and bruce spring to a world scanner for amnesty , and that was a great experience .
and they kept saying , &quot; again , tell us the truth &quot; and order us .
musicians and activist peter gabriel reveals his personal motivation to stand up with the survey group of resistance food for human rights and tell stories of active civil professionals .
next we have asked ourselves how to do this ?
he recognizes the problem , and he knows how to deal with it . the dance is his transition behavior that allows him to organize .
the beetles climb a lot more rarely on the pill when they &apos;re wearing the scraps than if they don &apos;t wear .
here &apos;s our blank experimenter .
let &apos;s play a 550-year-frequency frequency and see what happens .
this is the universe of stephen hawking .
thank you .
tragedy argument that it makes fun to fall into these great adventures , not quite with my experience .
or , &quot; nice . you know , my grandmother is doing a crossing next year in antarctica .
so the whole purpose of the presentation is to convince the foundation that they are the entrepreneurs where they invest and make a lot of money with it .
and next to the experience of creating a company or running something -- it doesn &apos;t have to be a company .
there &apos;s not a financially supportive entity where there were no problems .
from there they take them -- on a solid , nice path up there . right from the beginning to the end .
if i know someone who has made a device like this .
no , you &apos;re not .
then you give me a quick business view .
even if the competition is up to the old pattern ...
it was all positive , positive , positive , even positive .
if you follow my proposal , you &apos;re going to have a powerful , very concrete presentation . that &apos;s great to summarize who you are and to empathize emotionally .
i didn &apos;t know that , that &apos;s pretty cool .
statistically , one of them is a beetle .
if you imitate something , maybe you can have a effect on it .
and then when you have enough , you can click another link .
we are at the end of the table , last place than culture that doesn &apos;t value innovation .
as we think and behavior , our behavior system is broken .
we have a flow of memes through the course of serious .
but excuse me , the problems today are not the problems of the industrial revolution .
and guess what ?
and who are the biggest nets ?
it &apos;s very disruptive .
our thinking is backwards .
through a transformational change , change , like transparency , change , like self-control , and collaboration , collaboration , and not autocratic , these things are focused on results .
because the challenge is the only way things are going to be done , the only way for us to get rid of the old , and find new creative solutions for the problems of today .
because we can &apos;t make it alone . we should do it together , and if we do that , and share the ideas of play , we can transform bulgaria to something better .
the magazine of industrial design is , i think , innovation .
my master took me to build , because the building building was at the time .
after i caught them with a handful of hand , they were very -- i was very -- i was accepted , and i was working there for about six months .
nine days ago i had a fire .
you know -- all the stuff .
my children , davey and henry .
we increased extra magazines , made our homework work , but where we looked , we were surrounded by pictures like this .
this picture literally came in seconds after my baby was put into the arm and brought it over .
rg : oh oh .
av : taboo number three : you don &apos;t talk about your mistake -- but i &apos;m going to talk about my talk today .
common opinion is that every aspect of my life has gotten better , since i was in the miracle of birth and family .
but you find that you &apos;re going to lose control in a wonderful way , which , as we think , gives our lives a lot of sense and what &apos;s extremely satisfying .
rg + av : thank you .
i &apos;m going to start with glenn gould .
i started with the experience .
there &apos;s a consequence of &quot; star trek . &quot;
we &apos;ve seen all of these &quot; star treks &quot; with the hock follows .
imagine a big , long-term player today listening to you , as you would personally play . john q. walker shows how images can be analyzed at the very precise and peer-road wings to play them on the computer-generated wings
now , since then , we &apos;ve seen a time of the extraordinary economic extension , the longest shift in the history of this country .
but now , a couple of months later , how good politicians are always in it , like , &quot; in the clean apple without taking the mills , &quot; as somebody touched , their uncertainty can &apos;t be able to hide .
well , i didn &apos;t really understand this until i met this guy , one of the things that was about 80-year-old , slightly chaotic mann , who gave himself a tomato soair and gave me a bug for completely supplied .
but interestingly , this also implies a future where society is looking at some knives from capitalism , which is how to integrate the dna in general innovation in society by trying to do things , and then the ones that work , exchange and
i want to show you a fascinating new hypothesis today and some surprising new insights that i &apos;ve been working on , about the relationship between the structure of language that they talk and their tendency to saving .
and if i want to talk right , chinese will be able to think about it all the time .
now , this is a fantastic theory .
so if you &apos;re going to press this device so hard to be able to do with your dominant hand , so that i can measure your gravity .
it &apos;s the present pleasure in trade for future pain .
i don &apos;t have to tell you how important the ability to communicate over generations .
we english teachers always share them .
but i &apos;m against to use it as a hurdle .
but they didn &apos;t get the results they wanted .
at the same time , i was in the weather department of the weather department , even though i entered a ph.d. in aerospace .
people and bamboo and giraffes and birds and everything , the red line here goes up . these are people , livestock and pets .
we were focused more at serious energy problems in the future and produced products for the company .
let &apos;s look at the next video .
that flew last night at the party , and -- you can see it flipping around , and you can select anyone you want .
and he was unhappy about how people practiced the buddhist religion in india at time .
and he comes back as a broken man back to the village .
and he &apos;s got to close his eyes , it &apos;s so disturbing , the profession and everything .
the animals are in one of their lives . people are people .
we &apos;re going out . we take the feeling of memory to a mother and a mother in this meditation .
and you think about how lovely the things are when you &apos;re happy when you &apos;re satisfied .
and of course , they are cruel and white to others .
even though the change in your attitude does something for other creatures , you feel this new quality in you , and it &apos;s still helping you , and it &apos;s a role model .
so the coffee cup , or the cup , or the cup , is one of the tools that we use to get public health .
interestingly , the complexity is very high .
we &apos;ve heard about bill gates recently .
so it &apos;s very , very simple once you know how to read it .
well , let me close with four general reference , one example and two aphorisms .
and i don &apos;t want to stop you with detail , but in the lower right-hand corner , you see an example of what we have for it .
have they started doing that ?
and this is where the needs of the things that jimmy talked about , what our new kind of organization is , or better expressing : how do we organize ourselves without organizations ?
the inventors of things are going to be less able to be able to get out of use , in collaboration with the users .
let &apos;s take astronomy , for example , which yochai had mentioned .
there will also be excellent , professional arguments .
so there &apos;s no range of two camps , but between these camps , there &apos;s going to be all kinds of interesting positions that are taken by people .
that costs about 100 dollars .
and then people started to devote their red , and actually a team did it : between new zealand and spain .
and the first thing i thought about was thank you for that .
but the truth is that life is happening right here .
so people call up , and they left news like these .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m assumed like batman to meet my anonymity . &quot;
and the ones who didn &apos;t make a spending , so it turned out that she had just moved into another city and took a new job .
and in the last 35 years , i studied human behavior on the foundation of all kinds of things from genes about the neurotransmitters , dopamine and similar , until the destiny .
some of you have it , and it depends on gender .
this was one of those cases because they didn &apos;t have violence under their ancestors , but at my father .
they &apos;re similar to each other as they can be .
by the way , i &apos;ve received an email this morning , which is that we &apos;ve done the last part of atlas today .
and these guys here are the weak force that may be known as the least known .
so if you want to know why the sky is blue or why atomic nuclei together , you should basically , with a powerful computer -- why dna has shape that you have now .
the comparison is that the people in this room represent the higgs particle .
but it &apos;s really like that with this theory the physical foundations seem to unite at the moment of the big bang , an absolutely wonderful prediction , and the model didn &apos;t make the goal that this is happening , but it seems to do it
they created this civilization , this wonderful picture that turns darkness into light and allows it to see civilization from all of the stuff .
another great insight came from an investigation of the watches state university in 2010 , looking at baseball maps of the majory league player from the fifth years .
in a similar study in germany , researchers have been using fossil precedures to measure less brain quality , and after they put botox into their face to suppress smiling .
&quot; because the colors you &apos;ve ordered didn &apos;t speak to the european standard , &quot; he answered .
&quot; safer ? why ? was there any more policemen going on ? &quot;
we built the bright receptors that people , in tiana , were building people from tiana to think that they were going to the foreign , when they trained to make their cause .
president roosevelt said , &quot; believe that you can do something , and you &apos;ve been able to get it half . &quot;
all over port-au-prince , entrepreneurs come out and offered taxes for mobile phones .
an illustration for the transformational power of technology is found in kibera .
by 2015 , there will be three billion smartphones in the world .
in the areas of the environment , flashfires , batteries and bread were sold .
this flow of time is embedded in everything : in the erosion of a sand coral , in the knee that flits the rose .
do you read an interview with a writer ?
and also , when i look at the big bear , i remember looking at as a kid on his head , not to declare from his shoulders , and i feel like this kid again .
we &apos;ve seen again , how creative technology can be and in our lives and our lives , we can choose those solutions , innovations and moments that don &apos;t do the flow of time , but rebuild .
my mom was english .
in every single refugee camp , they had to travel soldiers that were going to take my older brother mark , who was nine and wanted to make a child soldier from him .
and i should do it alone .
take anything you want , out of the suitcase .
then i ended up in the wild because i didn &apos;t keep my feelings back .
thank you .
so almost everything on earth is wiped out about five times .
talent pabo has the answer .
why should that be a role ?
so , theoretically , we can grow any organ from any cell .
here is the increase in less than 10 years .
here &apos;s the conclusion .
when the rotors turn at the same speed , the robot is flowing .
and you see how robust the control is .
and he does that while he breaks obstacles .
you take your neighbors true .
so this shows that we can double the robotics map , triple , make it possible , where we get them to form teams , as you can see here .
but the robot can also figure out where he wants to go .
i can do that . but there &apos;s so much of it , and i want to expand your horizon , open consciousness and change your view on honeybees .
this has been a huge problem for many years , basically since the late &apos; 80s , with the vanarid , which brought many different viruses , bacteria and pilot of disease .
they don &apos;t experience that .
they take the chef for their courts . and the honey -- there are live events -- they use the honey on their bars .
bee dies . honeybees die when they stick , so they didn &apos;t want it .
okay , now , really , the question is : why is that ?
of course we also , especially in the last decade , managed to reveal the world with a dense chain of supermarkets , with a chain of global trade .
and never before were so many people aware of this fact .
in fact , many of you don &apos;t know that our bread is not european invention , of course .
and particularly the meat consumption in southern asia and china drives the grain price .
agricultural science for most people , and here aren &apos;t many farmers among them that relief to be bad to pollute the environment , to be large scale , destroy the environment .
everything is dependent on it .
and so while i &apos;m here doing my bread , and i put it in . and i &apos;m not trying to burn my hands .
it also needs to be able to fix a long time in the country with the tools available there , materials and knowledge .
you take someone like me , a scientist , analyze and tested and develop a new technology , and you determine quantitative imperative .
because i hope you take this from here , a new connection with nature .
this was in agenda a few days ago .
and what do we do ? what is our answer ?
this is last year .
but pool devi was one of them . and shekhar kapur turned a movie about her , band queen , who should see you .
but i think the most important thing is that we can do it .
but this is one of the stars that has a specialist .
this is a representative patient , which was 73 -- it needed to be a buffalo , but i decided for this .
i like this slide because you give a talk about what is really motivating people to change , and what doesn &apos;t .
if you eat an obese meal , how do you feel ?
it &apos;s a third one . americans even eat more fat than ever , and even more carbs . so the percentage is lower , but the actual number higher , the goal is to reduce both .
one of the atmospheric centers found that 70 percent of people were removed , 65 percent of people had bad breath , 54 percent had headache -- that &apos;s not healthy food .
on the other hand , everything is intimacy , is resilient , resilient .
i hope it doesn &apos;t stay .
the film is based on a short story of f. scott flowering .
two movie studio were involved in the project : warner brothers and param ffards .
and we had enough passion to do the work of work and technology .
so we passed ourselves around motion capture .
the number seemed to be infinite .
and that &apos;s the data that we get from it , and then it &apos;s used for the model .
and this is what the finished picture looked like that was used in the movie .
that was a very , very , very early sample .
and we found this , in the middle of karnataka .
it &apos;s got a phone .
the people of calendars are going to overcome these bad , barbaric past , where they lived their lives long .
we were too four -- two bedouin as a driver -- and imagine that this far is a ocean from sand , 40 degrees c , a water bottle .
i think that camel is the best animal in the world . &quot;
and they use them as much as we see our two-day .
we make our animals .
so let me show you another movie .
i don &apos;t sweat until my body temperature crossed 40 degrees c , enough to whistle an egg .
rick , thank you for inviting me .
start a meeting with a poem . that would be an idea .
but how would you like that if you never knew how you had the next day to cross the world , your shoulders in the clouds , or whether you &apos;re sitting down from the pedestrian survey , right away from your small plastic face
who could sleep still at that night ?
but you knew that judy garland got 150,000 dollars per film , that jean d &apos; c would lead the french army , and blaise pascal took up his room -- no wait , i mean he invented the calculator ?
at the end of it , they sat in a tree and they put their hand on the other .
and the human moral feeling is more than that , but if you take those two columns away , you wouldn &apos;t be much left .
we also have the problem with elephants that you can &apos;t build constructions that would be too heavy for a single elephant .
one component of that is understanding . here &apos;s a standard reduction : &quot; the ability to understand the feelings of the other and share . &quot;
so now we &apos;re investigating more complex expressions . here &apos;s driver .
that the test wasn &apos;t good for you .
there &apos;s a very simple task that you have to do .
even a philosopher told us that it was impossible that checks had a sense of fairness , because fairness was invented in the french revolution .
now it &apos;s not a lonely crazy , it &apos;s not two crazy , three is a lot and a lot of power .
i spent the last decade i spent pain and humility , hopefully for a good thing , self-sustaining .
and i have to say , thank god , thank god .
so i stopped , in a sense , it was a success .
over the years , serious circuitry can produce it .
a.j. jacobs : how healthy lives almost kill me
and i think many scientists share this view .
a really cool thing .
now these studies are scientifically valid , and they were reproduced , but they &apos;re not the whole story .
ask for the part of the story that &apos;s not going to be told .
a priest ?
but finally , a group that believes the indus people are the ancestors of the people in the south indian today .
right to left , how many ? okay .
it can be useful at deciphering more data that then is analytical .
this sign is the most common of the indus script , and only in this text it seems twice .
it turns out that in india , it &apos;s a long tradition to give names on the basis of star images at the time of birth .
space , we all know what it looks like .
this wire transmits the phone signals that would make the name bell famous .
jansky had made the historical discovery that skylight can also take radio waves like light waves .
it &apos;s actually all the young people in the city .
someone sitting in the seat next to you -- that &apos;s okay in a event , but you &apos;re sitting on a parking lot , and someone would sit up so close to you , then you would arrange .
the dalai lama always wants to say -- he says , if you make the idea of compassion in his mind , it &apos;s because you realize that you and your pain and your pain , eventually , are a little bit of play for your own
if you take this wonderful thing that the chocolate showed us , it was scared to us with the lav-man .
a man in front of a tank became a picture that became a symbol of the entire world .
but what wouldn &apos;t you do if you had had the modern communications to make a sense that the wrong that was going on was going to have to be done something about it ?
combine the power of a global ethic with the power of our ability to communicate on global level and organize ourselves globally with the challenges that are now facing us and the largely global nature .
in rwanda , there &apos;s a photograph of a 10-year-old boy -- and the children &apos;s museum thinks the life that was left when in the previous genocide of rwanda , a million people died .
here &apos;s the task : help me build a dynamic , paradoxical contact model in 3d .
they can move on to very different settings -- they variariate in the convenprobability , the movement of the surface and the existing detector .
this is what &apos;s targeted as driving algae .
boy : stacks .
we slow to see the spikes in action .
mark cospanay at stanford , one of my partners , is an extraordinary engineer that developed a technology called shape deposition manufacturing where he can put claws directly into an artificial foot .
they look almost like aliens , and the secret of what makes them stick is their hair toes .
here we &apos;re going to pull the band-aids off .
these fabricated structures allow the spikes , polar styles and the prisons , to very challenging , difficult surfaces .
so , new whales are creating long beautiful songs that serve as a couple of calls and also allow males to find each other and choose each other and choose a partner .
so if dolphins are less than 20 feet from each other , they have to create less than half the time the whistles are .
if we think of marine reserves for animals like dolphins , we need to be the implications of our intervention in the clear that we thought is relatively safe .
after the wall , the marine the wall of the wall of the wall has made these systems accessible to what scientists could hear .
they &apos;re just listening to the low frequencies .
if males and female use this signal to find a partner and they &apos;re delighted , imagine what the implication of it would have in terms of relevance to the existing species .
as ships can be made , they can be made as a safer of noise . they found that with a better prevalence of that noise , it can be reduced by 90 percent .
it reduces 50 percent to the speed .
we see foreign worlds , we see foreign solar systems , 300 to the time , and it &apos;s getting more and more , and they &apos;re not like us .
you have all the possibilities .
we see a continuous rise to men .
and obviously , there &apos;s one that sees a hundred .
so , with initiative like the $ 100 laptop , i &apos;m curious about the thought that we put a whole new generation of people into the old mouse window video click .
thank you .
i don &apos;t think none of that is the problem .
but our daily lives are , but in fact , in a very extraordinary state , we say in an exception .
normally it &apos;s one or two a year .
and you get them !
but we are much more nuanced .
so part of the challenge was to try to understand rhythm and space by not just my hands -- in juggling , a lot of hand -- but the rhythm of my body and the feet , and control the balls with my feet
and then they play crazy .
ok , because you all don &apos;t understand what a five-ball-old pattern is , i &apos;ll give you a little clue .
now again , and -- finger , finger , finger , finger , finger , finger , finger , finger . open .
you have somebody up here who is the operative principle of all of this life , ok ?
pop -- and then it gets quiet . just a little number over time .
working with space and lines in the room in other ways .
and then level levels .
this year -- if you want to show the slides -- this year we wear the trend with us , a project where we helped hand hands in design .
we can call these on an automated monitor which allows you to put more information on the clothing of clothing while you try this .
( scott adams : i realized that i &apos;m on the way to become the leading expert in workplace .
and we &apos;re also giving a new product to this night . it &apos;s the first time that it &apos;s going to show public .
right now , the farmers can only be in the rain time , and not in the side of side son .
electrons disappear in a kind of hurry , and then they still remain energy . and energy can &apos;t see it .
that &apos;s what he thought was what he was there for .
potatoes , potatoes have 48 chromosomes . did you know that ?
good . atoms , you can &apos;t see them .
and someone said to him , &quot; well , what &apos;s the point of that , insect ?
we &apos;ve been fascinated by this for about four years .
when google digitize a book , they bring it into a very beautiful format .
i &apos;ll give you an example .
suddenly , in the middle of the 40s , everybody got excited .
but imagine you don &apos;t care about it .
but also a lot of the right that seems to be benefited by propaganda .
if you go to the decade , it means a &quot; argh &quot; with a a.
if i run this pink sound for longer than a couple of minutes , they would literally stop listening .
a lot of people are flew on headphones , but these transforming large , public spaces like these , shared sound areas , in millions of tiny , little personal flowers .
you can also do it in a beautiful place , like on a lake .
and finally , an acronym .
and i said , &quot; that &apos;s my job . &quot;
thank you for having . we &apos;re all so grateful . &quot;
and they went away .
because they weren &apos;t on the road , and they couldn &apos;t see the exchange that was happening between me and my carrow , an exchange that was fair to us , but it appeared to be foreign .
well , i &apos;ll tell you , in world business , there was a lot of competition in the world , because the arab spring is still increasing , the oyster is collapsing ... what else ?
this photograph was actually stuck in a police station , and on the ground you see the people who have been tracked by the police .
the kids just make photos at a class , the teacher gets them , they &apos;re plugging them to school walls .
in today &apos;s talk today , it &apos;s about the brain and , yay , somewhere out there is a brain .
this is something we can work in our lifetime . i thought i could make a difference , and so i tried to get out of the computer business to come out into the brain business .
but sometimes science has some other properties that they really do interestingly interesting .
what makes us more data ?
there &apos;s something that we think it &apos;s obvious , but wrong .
it is that intelligence is defined by prediction .
but we don &apos;t look at the alligator as a very intelligent , not in a human way .
in humans , we &apos;ve developed the fossil part of the neocortex called the &quot; anerant part of the neocortex . &quot; nature did this little trick .
it &apos;s not that you &apos;re looking at it and saying , &quot; what am i seeing ?
not like a computer memory . not the least like a computer memory .
these are the things that are going to come first .
we need some police , we need some military , but just defense .
you can see it on your wall . &quot;
they traveled because they were the moment of elections outside the country .
this is right-handed menu .
and then when she closed the door , grandmother said , &quot; no , no , no , no .
they &apos;re something like this : per hand .
this group uses three , everybody one .
it &apos;s real .
she managed to learn english and learn this as a foreign language .
it &apos;s a computer , and it &apos;s in one of three participants .
if you were , you think differently as the employees of the united states , which were actually part of our experiment , because that &apos;s what we did .
we repeated the experiment with the same groups , but we added a delay between the enlightenment of how we deal with the data , and the actual beginning of the fabric .
the price for this is displacement from paradise .
and they moved and hired each other , and they put their arms up and down and down their arms .
we &apos;re really good at talking about skills and security and health , and we &apos;re really bad at talking about character .
then they put personal trainers , who are looking at the cigarette like printing packages against bad breath .
i don &apos;t really feel like emotion with emotion .
the first gift , or talent , is thought -- the ability to go into other people &apos;s minds and find out what they have to offer .
they own epidemiological humility .
that &apos;s what consciousness is like .
we found them between barriers , raped by many , many men , i don &apos;t know how many .
where does your journey start ?
and it &apos;s not normal to live in a home .
what was my challenge ?
you need your empathy .
lexicography : making dictionaries together .
well , first of all , i blame the queen because it &apos;s funny .
online dictionaries need to be different .
the bad words -- look when someone thinks about a place , and then they don &apos;t find it on the map , and then he thinks , &quot; this map is beaten ! &quot;
they think , &quot; ok , if we think that words are tools that we use to express our thoughts , how do you know that screwber is better than hammer ?
the oed has 33 different numerical definitions for &quot; sets . &quot;
and then there &apos;s this mike doses . mike oates live in britain .
i &apos;ve got the whole time &quot; the dictionary , the dictionary , the dictionary , the dictionary . &quot;
so , i meet a chair .
and to make a long story short , here i am .
and with that , piece for play , during those three days , you start to figure out : why do i hear all of this meaningless stuff ?
you may be from a ted speaker , and so we can keep the conversation over the year walking and come back next year , after the same intellectual and emotional journey .
the manufacturers don &apos;t put the teen gas machine into their cheap gps chips , because they &apos;re not sure what the public would start with such a very precise orbit that could be able to put fold on the palm of the
there was an unsure if that was already announced , and it wasn &apos;t a technical situation to find the stores .
instead of disturbing gps signals , you detect them .
and , &quot; you can trust us . &quot;
we call ourselves pore &amp; amp ; rao and we live and work in india .
this is a video of the prototype .
this work is the cartoon of the other population .
we debate about the thesis of what the world needs now is nuclear power -- right or wrong ?
and yet , there are only three sources of sources -- coal and gas , water force , which is almost everywhere extinct -- and nuclear power .
we &apos;ve gotten rid of the russian headshipke by being transformed in electricity .
co2 emissions are equivalent emissions of all greenhouse gases and particles that cause warming and turned to co2 .
now , if you look at the fact that the properties of nuclear weapons are combined with nuclear weapons , because we know that india and pakistan have developed nuclear weapons in nuclear weapons in nuclear power .
for wind , the area is much bigger , but the field is smaller .
the reality is that 21 states have nuclear power , right ?
and in the senate of the united states , we need support for parties -- only one or two voices is needed to bring global warming to the senate , and that room can help .
we &apos;re just not going to get enough energy from renewables .
i used to do over 10,000 years of factor .
thank you .
that was -- my motivation was saved by apollo .
for the first time , we have enough wealth in the hands of a few fewer people , and the available technology that will allow us to do the research of space .
26 groups of seven countries took the competition , each one was out between one and 25 million u.s. dollars .
orbiture -- we can bring them to the space station .
and the suggestion for the sponsors is the sum of the expertise and the social long-term winning .
would you surprise us we &apos;re fascinated ?
that means that area itself can cut itself . you can get incredibly small .
the challenge was , how can we express this new algorithmic order in a column ?
what i didn &apos;t know at the time because we &apos;ve just seen the outside , was that the surfaces were moving further , within the columns . that was a pretty surprising discovery .
inspired by cell division , michael hansmery algorithms , who generate incredible , fascinating forms with millions of surfaces . no human being could design it by hand , but you can build them up , and you can build them out of architecture
so look at this picture here -- many forms dance here for them .
it &apos;s a very rare condition .
this is a drug that was developed for cancer .
you can see , the chip even mutates the breath .
it &apos;s a very young nation led by young people .
and i think many people here in the room , many of them are in the same position as i do .
so i think women will become leaders in our society because they realize it &apos;s very important for their future generations to preserve our cultural identities .
what we &apos;ve discovered is that recently , more people have been using more people like youtube and social networks to express their stories to show their photos and tell their own stories with their own voices .
at the same time , we invite them to come up and explore our part of the world .
so i became more or less than &quot; nothing . &quot;
so i thought , &quot; maybe if i make these ants a few apartments , they &apos;re going to move there . &quot;
this was called &quot; the house . &quot;
so i thought , &quot; how can i do that ? &quot;
and when i finished it , i came back the next day .
and it went ...
my work , assessing grabs , sometimes five , six or seven weeks ; you can &apos;t always predict that .
and i boil it around , and it shaped the struggle .
so i broke the needle .
it &apos;s a very painful work , but the best things come into small patents .
they expect their employees to do what they &apos;ve asked , if they did the task , they can do something more .
there &apos;s this absolute concentration , this absolute ball of consciousness , consciousness , an absolute center of compassion and love that determines the primary properties of divine deficit .
my pregnant body flew into the direction , my flower wheel into the other .
i showed myself all of the walks that i would probably not do with you , the art projects that i may not be able to promote to you , the friends that i wouldn &apos;t look at frogs , the listening that i couldn &apos;t go
because you don &apos;t need to have the sinister session .
and when you get closer to the back of the wind , against the wind , you can just fold them up , and it &apos;s powering up in the dirt . &quot;
20 years ago , the doctors had cut my leg off and hoped , and there was a 15 percent chance of survival .
how i became more and more unhuman -- and at that time in my life , i was probably 14 kilograms lighter than i am .
and nobody informs this modern mannature in my eyes more than david black .
going upright , you say , is the threshold of what human power is .
he &apos;s a president of international cooperation for genomics , which is the least euphemic name i &apos;ve ever heard .
he was born for three and a half months , and it was really a fantastic survivor of him .
so once i tried to get to the piano , i was thrown hard .
and at the end of the day , you were so fast that things like &quot; bumblebee &quot; were no problem , right ?
want to hear me play play ?
dp : &quot; tier rag . &quot;
i don &apos;t contribute that .
they &apos;re struggling to evolve their own lifestyles in this forest , in a world that is even clean , a world that doesn &apos;t require , in a world that is not yet distinct .
so we know today that they are capable of making the research for absolutely impossible than i started .
the long lovely supportive supporters of the mother who are developing during this long childhood , and also the siblings , can maintain the entire life , and that can be 60 years .
it &apos;s not sustainable , and also the huge camp of the wooden workers in the forest need meat , and so the pygmies that were in the corporate and so many hundreds of years lived in their wonderful lifespan .
yesterday , somebody said .
we are now in every state , and the problems in florida are others than they are in new york .
will you come down here and organize me down here ?
in politicians out there ?
what we want to do in the lab is pretty much the same thing , but with a few dozen of different types of molecules -- such a dramatic reduced of complexity , but yet trying to create something in the lab .
it &apos;s actually very lifetime . once it forms once , it doesn &apos;t really do something .
now , where you &apos;re all the experts for protocells , we &apos;re going to play a game with these protocells .
we then see the self-assembly of this body of oil spills that we &apos;ve seen before , and the black tape represents this black mud -- this facial , very complex , organic , organic black mud .
in his lab , martin carcyz , &quot; protocells , &quot; , experimental plates of chemicals , which are like living cells . his work shows how life could have come first -- and maybe elsewhere .
this is a tadpole truck to walk your tadpole on the evening .
what is this -- how did you know ? they took it .
but if we did that in every one of them -- every hydrogen , we could redefine the emergency .
it &apos;s the triangle that &apos;s attracted into its lovely pink lungs , and it &apos;s associated with ...
birds could jump from one to another .
you can stop current news from him . you can talk to him .
but holding this herd is going to challenge a great trail of our planet .
next is the skin cells , we multiply the skin cells and multiply in a cell bulb .
we &apos;ve been working with cell structures for thousands of years , starting with products like wine , beer and yogurt .
it &apos;s true that if we do our research all over the world , we see that there &apos;s almost a universal state of people after having a car .
let me talk to you only about hydrogen .
this is to create a huge mobility energy , create mobile energy .
if we can see this original future , it can be others .
you had to survive .
and we were sure to be shared with our school district to keep funding and support .
because why should our students drive so far from their lives ?
it became a book , then to an introduction .
there was ludula an incredible idea , a crazy idea .
here on the west coast they destroyed their forest .
but in this picture , you see how we started building the education center , which is soon a big wazzum of brazil .
for me , the time i got to start my primary school , i studied this new remaining field of landscape .
if you go up in the south manhattan , you see new york city the expansion of new york city , at the end of the american revolution .
the white areas on this map are those of the winter protected places .
or the motorcycle , which requires the feather , insects and sunny places .
maybe a forest pipeline was living there .
there &apos;s so much force to unite science and visualization to each other that is going on these images , and it &apos;s like both sides of the game .
and we have a really dramatic level in our society right now .
so i &apos;m not encouraging that .
you can touch this , which is supposed to remain .
this is a biomassic building .
one example we all know is this one of the mobile phones . right ?
and it &apos;s all about this question -- of course in a very artistic and direct way .
but it &apos;s everywhere , and these tools are parts of it that help us do it .
seriously -- clap them out -- that &apos;s really great .
alex solves : a sustainable future
you could think that that could be a big problem for law , but congress doesn &apos;t seem too very disturbing .
but if you make a lot of qualitative copies and sell a lot of qualitative copies , it &apos;s not okay .
some of the things we share , we &apos;ve done things that we &apos;ve found , and every single option is caused in this industry .
that &apos;s the simple thing .
i had a very elite , convenient , expensive education in india , and that almost broken me .
and i thought , i &apos;m going to start a barefoot college -- college only for the poor .
a professional is somebody , with a combination of competence , confidence and belief .
when i said that , they said , &quot; show us what &apos;s possible . what do you do ?
the entire electricity comes from the sun .
democracy , civil law , how you missed your country , what you should do if you &apos;re arrested what you should do if your animal is sick .
if it comes into tensions there , the attendance at the schools is coming between teachers and parents , and so the pumps can call the teachers and parents in front of the village and say , &quot; give you your hands .
you use sign language .
i said , &quot; i can &apos;t , mr. president .
successful enjoyability .
and our engineers create one of the biggest , dynamic varieties of the world for this kind of information exploration .
you see the electrons along the stream of the streams that we &apos;ve created as artists for scientists .
thank you very much .
interestingly , there &apos;s data among these two groups of people , data about how happy they are .
&quot; i &apos;m so much better , financially , emotionally , emotional , mentally and in almost every other way . &quot; &quot; i &apos;m not standing a minute .
he didn &apos;t love the money , and of course he had ray coke six months later exactly the same idea .
in this case , because you &apos;re in the experiment that i &apos;ve been used to be used to you , it &apos;s printed by mosquito images .
we collected our materials , went out of the room and waiting half an hour .
i &apos;ll show you why .
and they made two pictures , and they had two beautiful 87 , shiny excerns for them , and we said , &quot; which one of those would you leave ? &quot;
we take a whole new group of nurturing harvard students and say , &quot; you know , we &apos;ll give a photograph , and we can make it in two different ways .
night at night , the big cart and the milk street are beautiful .
voices : it flies into the air . oh shit .
&quot; ma , don &apos;t start ! &quot;
don &apos;t forget that this tradition is not from the side of avalon , but it &apos;s going to go back to a time , even before we draw stories to the pacific , or put a pipeline on the sky .
the kind of food , yeah .
the kind of furious roof , you know .
and so we left my father his lunch sleep , because i knew he would kill me when i left them alone . so we go into the car .
&quot; and did this guy have about a blue uniform , and a horrible expression in the face ? &quot;
do i really want to invade ? because if i don &apos;t have purple fake to be able to be able to be stuck -- enough metaphor for your taste ? -- could it be that i never come out again .
you see ? we &apos;re a secret club with a secret hands .
she says , &quot; ma , you have to look ! &quot;
&quot; i vote for the little old lady , damn it ! &quot;
she &apos;s gone from the car . &quot;
i &apos;m really frightened .
so what is the social result of this ?
where can i go with whom today ?
and if we have it , we &apos;ll decide how many kilometers we drive , in which journalists , where we live and work .
so intelligent minimum at the station communicates , and you see exactly where your bus is going on , and when it comes , and you can buy your ticket in real time .
i want us to lance the wireless interior system , and i challenge that this network should be open to open standards for everyone .
and they came up here in the late 1960s .
and for all of you who came into touch with mental illness , you know what a challenge can be .
i said that i wanted to tell the fantastic story , i wanted to tell you the three a &apos;s of fantastic sharing , and i wanted to leave you with a conclusion .
because they were all three years old .
and so what i love about this story is that rosey grier is just an authentic person , and that &apos;s what authenticity is about .
i ate olive with places . &quot;
you can sleep in clean lakes .
j it &apos;s so many that this has become problematic .
i thought it was weird to speculate as if it was a competition , about a fresh wound .
it &apos;s just a white , rich entrepreneur that was not representative for the city .
it looks pretty simple , but that was a half a million dollars of project .
people tagged over two things -- they were amazed by the destruction , but there was also a sense of observation about the hero of new yorkers that i found very moving .
because when you look at the four platforms along the ground -- where the improvement version of a family platform is -- we knew that it needed to be moving to react conditions and the changing definition of ground zero .
we have the ability to think about cities about cities .
dr : it was an honor .
and i know children suffer concussions every year .
if -- god forbid -- somebody here went away from us and a concussion , most of us in a period of time are completely genealful for a couple of hours .
you have to know about the problems we &apos;re talking about today .
and as it turns out , tom saw that a helmet for 20 dollars was a good opportunity to preserve a 100,000 school study .
that &apos;s not true , but it happened to be tony blair during the davos forum in 2005 , when his doodles , of course , became &quot; discovered , &quot; and it &apos;s been described .
in other words , they have a common and growing complexity of visual language that happens in predictable sequence .
he was told that there was no cure .
today , all countries are committed to offering patents for drugs that have been in at least 20 years .
it depends on the willingness of the pharmaceuticals to volunteer their patents and make them available to others .
in orland , the same kind of stadium , an open air station . people were sitting in the prime sun after afternoon very high humidity , and they didn &apos;t feel like that .
you can adapt everything to worry for your well-being .
he provides all these services , transplants , ticket , and so little things that you &apos;re doing for a second , but for people that he &apos;s connecting with the digital world .
the question was , how do you make out of this teacher ?
let &apos;s see what he &apos;s doing here .
and the daughter &apos;s husband , he was also sick with the exhaustion of his wife .
but the visual complexity is still very big .
well , headlines had a fun one at our studies .
well , when we feel emotions , we show them .
and you could get the impression that the unhappy people take another structural position within the network .
that &apos;s my social experience . &quot;
they &apos;re both of carbon , and yet one of both carbon atoms is in a special way , on the left , and they get a graph that is soft and dark .
and to do that , let me zoom out for a moment .
being older is ultimately not easy .
under the same circumstances , older men are running their cognitive resources , like debrisity and memory , more on positive information than on negative information .
we cost life out .
they made me wish , &quot; i &apos;m going to go tonight this monitor for this girl on this bar platform . &quot;
kid david : it &apos;s so that i &apos;m , frankly , often not quite knowing what happens when i dance .
they called me a brother and uncle , and i was inviting me over a period of five years over a period of five years .
1868 : the second contribution of fort laramie guarantee clearly the sovereignty of the big sioux nation and the owner of lakota about the holy black hills .
the contract from fort laramie suggested that at least three quarters of the tribe would have to sign to land .
they were sorry .
the autonomy is eight times as high as the average average .
so what &apos;s going on there ?
and today ? child mortality has sank since 1960 from 24 percent to today .
you can either get it as a pill or a syringe . you have to take it every day to regulate your blood sugar .
if we have it , like this , to do with people ...
but basically it makes a lot of sense .
it &apos;s called , are you smarter than a five-year-old ?
bmw is a very safe car .
the problem for bmw is , this car looks safe .
now you &apos;re going to think , &quot; if my life depends on it , i would use it everyday . &quot;
we have to connect this with a scientific method .
that &apos;s something different than actually to make an effective work campaign .
which is nothing new .
the lamps will become dark .
we make them for our customers .
we &apos;ve left them in the sun .
now , logic , logic , look at you now from this position here -- without moving the wrist .
i &apos;m going to get into this . if every time ... another person -- not always the same answer .
so if you &apos;re interested in that , i &apos;m going to present some underground techniques .
here -- i have to look at the beginning , so i can follow my cards during the mixture of the mixture -- oh , we should have started together -- no problem , no problem .
yeah ?
i think ...
lg : pardon ?
what map should i use ? the lady or five ?
lg : but you see the hand .
wait , wait -- take any card .
another color . lg : chao , perfect .
compassion .
caro-adred , yes ? zoe : yeah .
here -- all the cards are revealing -- here &apos;s where all the cards are revealing -- is it true to me ?
and finally , the king -- five seconds .
some of them seem to know this child .
and after i went back , i made my whole company a packaging company . &quot;
if you wouldn &apos;t have a musical hearing , you couldn &apos;t switch on the car .
so let &apos;s see what really happens here .
i always tell my students , &quot; if you have a truck , always a eyebrow always recognizes , it recognizes everybody . &quot;
imagine the person and follow the person at the same time at the same time , and you &apos;ll hear everything that chopin had to say .
i had an amazing experience . i was 45 , was conducted for 20 years , and suddenly had an insight .
she came to auschwitz when she was 15 years old . her brother was eight , her parents were losing her .
so ladies and gentlemen from the jury , look at this .
if you &apos;re the fastest of all today , you get 20 dollars . &quot;
but for the task of the 21st century , this mechanical , reward and punishment doesn &apos;t work -- often doesn &apos;t work , and it often doesn &apos;t work damage .
think about your own work .
living standard is lower .
these are the building blocks of a completely new operating system for our business .
this one day of intense autonomy led to a whole series of software masters that may never have given .
make it because you like to do it .
the aluminum is used by its light weight .
in a series of 55 spheres , it shrinks , proportional , every sphere and its distances proportional , to this small earth .
and the blue side , the opposite side , shows it to the other direction .
this has evolved in many properties .
the standard image on the object would probably be a very exciting picture of the earth .
but it leaves the 10 percent or more , which is most disadvantaged or more successful .
232 dollars and at a deal to hunger 84,000 dollars .
nonprofit organizations have to hold themselves , courageous , big , to try to get new donations to try and be scared for failure to pull their call out of the dirt .
what should they do ?
the cost of government now drops .
dan pallastta : our thinking about charity is basic
then there were the clapping listeners , yes , that had been in the process of the music .
people who have done this stradiis , the amamur , all these beautiful instruments .
he says , &quot; i &apos;m responsible .
it &apos;s just about the exercise of music , as it &apos;s written , not about interpretation . &quot;
that &apos;s great . and what about the eyes ?
that &apos;s what he does .
you know , authority is provided when it &apos;s used . it &apos;s very important .
so kleiber is about the process .
as a culture community , we tell ourselves many stories about the future and about what steps we could do from here .
there are 98 oiled nations worldwide .
and in the face of climate change , it &apos;s not really prevalent .
and it &apos;s a process that makes really pleasure .
they wonder whether they should move it forward .
and the preserve said , &quot; if we didn &apos;t have transition riching , we have to invent this entire commercial infrastructure for the first time . &quot;
but there &apos;s a problem .
the budgets are not really balanced . and to some extent , the games that they play to release this , the subject so much , is that you can &apos;t see what is actually quite obvious .
in fact , there are five states that are worse , and really just four states that are not facing this great challenge .
and even if you get out of the way , you could transfer money to it .
it should be more like private accounting .
but i had one thought when i visited god election , and i was on a distinction of my life , and i tried to decide between music and medicine .
if you laugh , you know .
many years after solar powered clocks , a young lady that i knew was that sex might be so good because of the five senses .
the question of consequence involves all five senses on an extreme level .
of course , the five senses are not the only thing life makes interesting .
we are all born as artists .
if you have a conversation like this , the child needs to take the next answer in order to promise what it started .
but their parents tell them , &quot; it &apos;s going to get all of the waves out of the waves . &quot;
but kids usually do art of fun . it &apos;s playing .
but you rarely find a teacher like that .
there are always people in capacard barriers singing the shel &apos;s gone , or &quot; hotel california &quot; while they imitate guitar reefs .
right at that minute , we can turn off the tvs . they go out on the internet , they stand up and start doing something .
the students fall into a kind of trance .
he said it was his profile . &quot; and what are you ? &quot; i asked . &quot; i said , &quot; actors , &quot; he said .
let &apos;s start with how i came to this point .
there &apos;s going to be more storms and bigger flowers .
if there is , there &apos;s going to be warming in the future .
but delay is exactly the expectation .
the economic consequences are almost unthinkable .
a big part of the species will be threatened by extinction .
now if a car accident happens , it &apos;s crucial that we &apos;re not just securing stunt man , but the crew .
and for this one , there was still trampoline used . once it was all you had .
but today we use a nitrogen interface .
it &apos;s not , it &apos;s not a shepherd .
in 1960 , joseph sunday from the united states air force has done something extremely incredible .
one of the difficulties at that altitude , when you go to 10,000 meters -- that &apos;s great , right ? if you go to 10,000 megs , you can really use oxygen .
they designed a puppet after him , which is what he looked like .
we expect and others expect that the faa or the caa will say , &quot; you have to put someone into a suit that &apos;s not buried with the airplane . &quot;
there were three options -- right ? -- that went through the conference that &apos;s important for what i want to talk about .
and the girl said , &quot; well , you know it . &quot;
the problem is to stay an artist while you grow up , so i &apos;m convinced that we &apos;re not growing in creativity but out of it . or we &apos;re going to be taught more .
all over the world .
the whole system was invented -- all over the world there were no public education systems in the 19th century .
the brain is not divided to areas .
they made ballet , they made staphot and jazz , they danced modern and contemporary dances .
the festival is going very well . with a potential press for you to die .
let &apos;s just say valle for money .
dubai , for me , is like a hand that supports everybody who &apos;s going to get things .
before i leave back in the middle east , i would like to close with a quote of one of the biggest sheets .
it &apos;s also the disease .
all right . they &apos;re disorders of behavior , and they are disorders of the mind .
we don &apos;t have all the facts . we don &apos;t even know what the tools that are going to be , or what we need to look for , in particular , to be able to get there before the different behavior shows up .
how will you increase it ? &quot;
the three are all the same , even though they &apos;re all the same in different context , one is magical , and the other two are like interviews , i like these books because they have something very special .
the children taught them to .
they were very friendly .
we also believe that content is more important .
i was transformed by my children .
howard makes this experiment , and when he gets the data , he &apos;s drawing a curve , and suddenly he recognizes that there &apos;s no beautiful glamour-grave .
this was his sea sanctuary . he was obsessed with it .
howard doesn &apos;t think there is even .
it always tells people when you ask them how to wish their coffee .
a mustard with more elegance and culture and meaning .
so , that &apos;s it . and why would this be loved ?
he was a few times off , and he spent most of his career going under , and then ended up in management . he became the general manager of the oakland a .
we all know what happened when millions of women over the decades received hormone therapy for symptoms of change until we found for a huge study , proved by the national health service .
thank you .
but dad is scary , and he didn &apos;t want us to do that .
but there is also a graduate between between them .
these are four really different ways of seeing the world . i named them .
what &apos;s interesting once you print it -- and by the way -- it &apos;s from 1450 -- you show all the artifacts of modern comics : rectangular field of simple currents without shaking and a heart sequence from left to right .
and that was what i proposed , maybe we could make comics on an infinite canvas : on the x and at the y-axis and in the style .
this is by daniel merlin documentary in britain .
maybe all of you have been aware of this for a long time , but for me , so often i &apos;ve come up with exactly this difficulty every day , and i had never seen this crystal .
this is honest and clear , and the reason features fundamentally remind this sustainable impression .
if you think your baby is gay , you should give it back to adoption .
permanent political solution was to demand the citizens of texas for rain .
this song is called &quot; flop to the sun . &quot;
i want to start something different tonight because i want to ask you to leave the landland and jump to the open ocean .
they took a moment after the dinosaurs disappear , 65 million years ago , when whales had legs , and they came up with a suggestion of rebellion spheres , and they allow me to tell me this poetry narrative .
and how do you do that ?
california sea lions take the molas , when they come into the bay , they turn the fins , turn it into a kind of francis , and then put them around .
i &apos;m going to show you our last data set .
it was most exciting that all of your love and interest in the oceans was the most exciting .
as you can see here , this is a 11-millimeter in diameter .
you don &apos;t hear something like that every day .
ah-hh .
in australia , it &apos;s mostly the austinines who sit in prison .
she told him , and he agreed to the first recovery of what we call the master dance today .
because nobody gets to get a breakback .
so why don &apos;t we do something to do this problem in the everyday ?
again , mahatma gandhi .
could i get my last pitch ?
never , that &apos;s impossible ! no , no , no ! that &apos;s not possible . &quot;
you could deal with it all with the advent .
from neumann , a mathematician and a mathematician from the army brought everything together , and they needed a room to build them .
the one and the copy worked first by tv tape .
&quot; aha ! &quot; finally found out that it was a programmer .
i know if i have to beat myself . &quot;
he made the machine run all night . if anybody remembered stephen wolfram , he did it all the time .
now we &apos;re going here 50 years later -- it &apos;s a kind of power of force animation .
sadly , in the next 18 minutes that i &apos;m talking about here , four americans who are still alive are dying , because of their diet .
that &apos;s a global problem .
tragic city .
and he &apos;s got the federation full of it . he &apos;s sorry to have his friends , his family and his community .
they want -- they want to control themselves .
you know , for long long , long time in this enormous understanding .
we don &apos;t teach kids .
and most kids get them .
good , supermarkets .
if you can cook , it doesn &apos;t matter time .
all of america go to a lot of wonderful things before we &apos;re just looking back .
misha glenny : anonymous , ladies and gentlemen -- a bright group of politically motivated hackers who stood in 2011 .
the net connects everything and is very soon to convey a lot of human activity very soon .
interestingly , anonymous is using his hacked information , but not for financial profits .
he explained to me how he went in 2003 and 2004 as he went to tour in new york , took 10,000 dollars from the atm here , 30,000 dollars from the atm , using contained credit cards .
he was born in south germany in a robust and respectful middle-class family , his obsession with play as a teenager led him to hacking .
and most of them , with script and chaom , didn &apos;t show real social skills in the outside world -- just in the net .
i think there are several reasons . i &apos;m not going to go into detail , but some mention .
but they &apos;re all defined by the market , and what &apos;s driving the market is mostly -- number one is the great demographic shift .
we &apos;ve also found a lot of examples of dead boxes that have been transformed in all sorts of social institutions , many schools , many churches , and many libraries , like this one .
and finally , i expect the roads to be built through the habitat of the mall .
it &apos;s very successful . and it helped inspire eight of 13 local times to be embedded in the u.n. plans .
the bach was placed by parking .
their people are different than typical of the national , but they &apos;re less diverse than cities .
he said , &quot; his vagina , &quot; she said , &quot; is a whole daywork . &quot;
but it didn &apos;t actually start there , it started with a woman &apos;s conversation .
it &apos;s about a gender that represents a basic resource of the planet , which is women .
it &apos;s a body world , and the way it really exists in the body , and i think there is a real reason to hang our bodies on our heads -- that this separation has created a participation that often separates from the route
i want to tell this little story about my own beginnings , because that &apos;s very good with happiness , and with agnes .
maybe it &apos;s about my birth of south carolina , which is not much smaller than today &apos;s hungarians , and once dreamed of a future as independent land .
well , maybe he was too gorgeous , because he stayed where he was , for a long time after the nazis , and even after the revenue and the prescription started in budapest .
and he received the same answer : &quot; bring me the best workers that you can find , and if you &apos;re good enough , i &apos;ll put them in . &quot;
and so clearly it says to us , &quot; it &apos;s okay . it &apos;s all so beautiful .
&quot; aha ! &quot; dr. robicsek said , &quot; i went in the movie alone . &quot;
as i said , he went too much .
and you can imagine them right .
you know what you &apos;re looking for .
but we take care of the most difficult cases and put the others back for the next day .
so we came up with these two rules .
so i went to russia , and my mother went with , during the time of the soviet union .
and if you think it &apos;s no longer , it does so long until you move on .
so what i want to try to do with that -- i hope to show up following dots .
and what i want to point out later in the presentation is 50 percent of the u.s. below the ocean .
it &apos;s black there , because the photons can &apos;t reach the average depth of the ocean , which is 3.6 miles . the greek is at 27 miles .
and so we went along the mountain of mountain in an area next to the galapagos , and found the missing heat .
so i started developing a new video technology , with a robotic system that replaces me , and i don &apos;t have to go into my vehicle .
we find the state of convention .
and i looked at them yesterday , she &apos;s up in seattle . ok .
but i would leave a child without driver &apos;s control over my tax system .
in some parts of the world , in south africa , education is hard to access .
when we saw the impact of the offer , andrew and i decided that we had to increase it to offer as many people as possible as possible education .
what was that special about these courses ?
the video will interrupt every few minutes , and the students will ask a question .
so we wanted to convince some of our colleagues of mind science that multiply chicezy is not a bad thing .
in terms of certain courses , you can wonder what the most common disagreements are , and how to help students fix them .
we even see the beginning of either a personalized study plan , or by personalized feedback , that we showed them .
i thought about my place in the universe , and what my first thought was , what was infinity when i was a child .
and of course , in our society , it &apos;s mainly about defending the reality of others .
so i have my doubt about the values of newton science , like rationality , and it &apos;s expected that you &apos;re rational in a word .
so you can understand my surprise when i got reading in the new yorker , that alan greenspad , reserves of the federal reserve , claims that ayn rand is his intellectual mentor .
i think you can make the funny ones that have and not about those who don &apos;t have . that &apos;s why i don &apos;t get jokes about kenth lay and his charming magic .
i &apos;ve been measuring these ancient times of the pyramid , which i &apos;ll tell you about .
he said i &apos;d have to pay him more respect because it can take up to 18 years to become a really good phantom .
huh ? yeah ? what ? i can &apos;t hear them . &quot;
and i fear that active one doesn &apos;t like us .
i thought about mohe saving &apos;s thoughts about beauty that they were talking about yesterday , and hyde in his book says that trickster can sometimes produce beauty .
george w. bush : what &apos;s going to cost the defense of our security , and what the defense of our freedom is , we need to pay the price .
ten years ago , no astronomer had come to the idea -- well , or very few astronomers -- that there are planets outside of our solar system .
many other ecosystems on earth are truly in danger .
and he was freaked out that an experiment could go wrong with a particle accelerator and make a cotton reaction that destroys the world .
we need to wake up the same prevention with biotechnology like nuclear power stations .
and of course , we don &apos;t want to see one .
so what can we do about it ?
and now comes the worst .
we use a lot of money to ensure that we don &apos;t die at a aircraft aircraft , but we &apos;re not spending almost anything . and yet it &apos;s completely preventable .
we don &apos;t want to get caught again on the wrong foot .
i hope that will happen .
it &apos;s very , very important because this is the system , the melting of the system that came out of the life on the planet , and it &apos;s time for us to understand it .
it &apos;s an amazing insight . and we &apos;ve only known about it recently .
and that &apos;s what brings the system , a number of places in the southern hemisphere , shown in these circles .
anybody who &apos;s coming after that can just take up on the database and make the information run off , for everything that &apos;s happened .
we &apos;re about ordering the wave , the technological possibilities .
in a earthquake , great amounts of these new microbes come from that we never saw before the sea floor .
the oceanographic john deley creates a network of emerging cameras and sensors that do our oceans to global , interactive lab -- and make an data explosion about the world of deep .
that &apos;s why i think optimism is driving architecture forward .
so again , radical versus conservative .
unexplaining the understanding . you know , too often you want to understand everything .
our intellectual limbs are complex .
you know it &apos;s true ; the cathedrals , as unexpected , will always be unexpected .
but i &apos;d like to play something completely unknown , and even with mistakes , instead of doing the same thing continuously , so it &apos;s locked by its meaninglessness .
risks of rooms that were never so scary , as they should be in a free town .
there are the emotions of victims .
daniel libert builds up to very big ideas . he calls 17 terms that his vision of architecture is basically -- raw , bargaining , emotionally , radically -- and inspiring each of these bold creative purposes .
it also has the lowest airplanes of all the cars that size .
does this really take place , or will there be a few main distances ?
em : it just has to . if not , we &apos;re in big trouble .
so with that capital , and install solarcity is installing the cotors on the roof , and then they calculate the house of the house or business , a monthly acid rate that is lower than the electricity bill .
we &apos;ve failed almost , but we &apos;ve come over in 2008 .
it &apos;s similar to a jet .
how about everything in the world could one person be innovative ?
look at this .
boy , if you detect our livestock , and see a cheetah as he eats one of our goats , he &apos;s very nervous . then just go to him .
we were suffering from hunger .
our tradition looks like this : in every himba village there is a holy fire .
so far , with support of world wild fund , we were able to raise the very small programs with national meaning .
also , very important -- we invest the money in enlightenment of aids and hiv .
pockets -- again and again , under many in the world &apos;s season -- are very useful , they &apos;re a wonderful tool .
and we &apos;re publishing this price behind huge wings .
dan barber and alice watter lead to the katar revolution for ecological food .
she &apos;s a shepherd , shell , oysters , venus shells , snobbery , sheavens -- these were the known species .
it &apos;s like a theater of protein .
science is seeing the world through the mind , quantitative , things that can be measured and described , but they give the art a framework of knowledge and insight .
from the plan of a couple of cameras after three weeks , a plan with 25 time-lapse cameras .
that &apos;s the natural cycle .
that wouldn &apos;t usually do a decent photographer , to negotiate a photograph like this , right ? but sometimes that must be to represent the dimensions .
here &apos;s how the glacier pulls back .
these have seen several cameras .
could india become the origin or a global center for innovation , just as it has become a global center for food services and software services ?
when we asked people in these innovations , what they were working on , they said , &quot; we &apos;re working on global products . &quot;
you can &apos;t become a professor if you weren &apos;t graduate students .
the best hospitals where the physicians would go to cancer treatments , and for births , brain signs , heart disease , for artificial hills , at 4 a.m.
it works a little bit like -- this is a recent golf search question for four in the morning .
i said , i know a codiday message when i see one .
everyone in our society comes in touch with cancer -- if not personally , then by a beloved people , a family member , a colleague , a friend .
in this room of space , the genetic material , the chromosomes , within a nuclear .
we &apos;ve taken tumor treating fields in the lab over 20 different cancer types , and we see this effect on all of it .
he got the standard treatments .
but what we can see is that six times the tumor reacts , and it starts to fly away .
that &apos;s just the beginning .
this is a new workplace , a new project .
in fact , they &apos;re 15 feet deep , and they collect rainwater from the roof , there &apos;s a little pile , and from their intuition .
so , water from 300 , 400 miles away , it looks like this .
somewhere runs a ba or a flash through this scene .
it &apos;s called &quot; audience . &quot; in english , we have surfaces and ground water .
and they need to go further .
these are the beautiful staircase we &apos;ve just seen on one of the images .
and hiv infections are down 27 percent : 600,000 fewer people a year get hiv in sub-saharan africa .
10 percent from india .
they &apos;re going to get the jobs in textile that people get out of the long term and bring them to transportation and wealth .
and the countries on the right , you see the per capita gdp , basically every country with a per capita gdp , we say , less than 5,000 dollars , a corrupt of say , three .
in the first 20 years , in the &apos; 60s and &apos; 70s , india wasn &apos;t growing that way .
buy african products .
but i think that a much larger problem with this is that this logic -- that we should throw ipods and not bombs -- i mean , there would be a great title for thomas friedman &apos;s new book .
now , 500 people required , and four of them were chosen to visit the institution and to rebuild them to blog about it .
so now , citizens in planning in planning by 2020 will not necessarily change anything , because it &apos;s still the dictators that control the agenda .
eve y egzz : do the internet get the worst worst expectations ?
&quot; like a man . &quot;
and he hung with us younger guys .
because for me that was growing up at this time and lived in this men &apos;s relationship , the question was , &quot; are you welcome ? &quot; either sex or drugs -- and drugs didn &apos;t take us .
i was like paralyzed , people .
now , as indians , and now politicians and government students , i &apos;m pretty much about the interview that affects our country , all the talk about india as a new leader , even the new superpower .
in other words , all sorts of communication stories tell us about countries about countries , regardless of whether they want to come to daylight or not .
but when the flashlight in our country at the time was pretty slow , it took about half an hour to a call .
it can &apos;t understand the dialogue .
now this can have unwanted consequences sometimes . ok .
and those of you who have shown their money , may be surprised to see how many of the campaigns are on the rupees of routes that explain the value .
i went home and i did a little bit of research , and i found some terrifying statistics .
lubick marishan : a bath without water .
and i feel like george bush now feel like george bush .
now , this title , this expression , comes from a critic , a early critic , and this is a passage that i just love , and i would like to read them to you .
and that &apos;s a good thing , because if it would be , mother nature would have a problem : how on earth are we going to get chimpanzees to mate ?
this is the hardest part , which is not obvious , and so i got it up for the end .
ok ? stop . that &apos;s now enough .
i don &apos;t know why there &apos;s pink fluid , but no matter , you &apos;re in the garden .
thank you , thank you , thank you .
in fact , i guess the evolutionary biologists probably know a lot of reasons why we want to put new things very , very quickly .
it looks like this . you should see something like this .
bob mckim has another very -- another version of this practice made in a pretty famous experiment in the &apos; 60s .
and we &apos;ve learned that over time : you get a much better brain installation , much more creative outcomes , if everybody is looking at the rules .
and suddenly there was a productive conversation about design around a handful object .
they &apos;re sometimes a little bit skeptical , and i &apos;ll go back to that .
you know what it feels like , all of this uncertainty , as long as you get back in the corridor , as the physicians go in one of the sanitation rooms , and you &apos;re wondering what &apos;s going on here .
and so we would all feel secure and have a good time because we were dealing with the rules and dealing with it .
we &apos;re doing everything that &apos;s going on , but then if we &apos;re there , we think we &apos;ve done it . we reject happiness and just stop doing all of what made us successful .
i was faster , but i was just as depressed .
i learned that success is not a one-way street .
and the soviet vote is just full of hot girls . &quot;
i actually wrote , &quot; oh my god , &quot; hopefully , forever , for the last time in public .
he made sure that everything fit together .
it took 900 people part of it .
and the second is that people are obviously experiencing a real connection .
these are questions .
as you see in modern liberal democracies , society allows us to determine the state not only to shape our self , but it requires us .
it means that we fulfill our full potential as human beings .
so these are the layers , the kinds of questions that i wanted to lead to today -- the question : what are the intentions that come to applicate if you design something ?
so , i and my colleague , sebastian , said that there must be better ways .
and we succeeded .
i &apos;ll give you a fall .
he &apos;s pushing her into the right position , checking it up with his nose and beating .
we learned the first surprise .
there had to be some kind of spring mechanism to make the monitoring amount of force and the speed that we observe and the extended scale of the system .
a load cell measures forces , and that &apos;s actually a static load cell with a crystal in inside .
this is the fantasy -- here &apos;s the height , and it &apos;s going to swim around and meet the load cell .
very , very inconvenient solution for the particular problem .
and hawk : it &apos;s not earth , stupid , it &apos;s ocean .
i think this is one of the most beautiful classical tape that has ever been built .
i don &apos;t know any other vehicles , not even remote controls , who just benefit from that that this is a three-dimensional space .
now look at that -- he just stands me up .
the submersible , which was out last year , is this one .
equally , the understanding of architecture as a chess , in infections , -- please excuse the obvious example -- is not the right approach that we need to choose .
basically , is new york on the back of the eastern fishermen , our streets about their shells .
in those eight inches of chambers , small bullyles that are virtually murdered .
so you went around in london and was overwhelmed by this profession .
finally created snow a map of the breakdown .
and this happens every second week .
i made her portrait on the top of the hubble temple .
and in this area of the amazonas , 1972 was discovered .
the other side of the area is tora bora , where osama bin laden is actually going to stop . this is tribal area .
that was one of the great motivators .
this is the initial transition . let me continue and show you the hubble ultra , deep field .
but then you come to jupiter and it &apos;s 40 minutes long . it &apos;s a problem .
that will be the part that it &apos;s about understanding the beginning of the universe .
we only have one million galaxies .
so the stuff that seems to be white in the picture is dark matter .
when you saw this picture for the first time , you couldn &apos;t see a lot in it .
this simulation was made for 1,000 processors for a month , just to make this visible .
and with plank , we hope to resolution that is about this picture of the earth that you can actually see the complicated pattern of the earth .
and of course , we &apos;re stressed out .
47 percent .
that &apos;s crazy . that &apos;s what we all do , even in the everyday life .
i went into a vicious cycle . this led to many pains and problems with the risks so that i could almost nothing .
so i asked myself , could you be more creative if you look at the constraints ?
the whole thing didn &apos;t happen this morning .
the conductor wears of doscans , as well as an official voter , and there &apos;s dramatically radiation and preventable monitoring the continent .
stalin 2,700 famine famine , the &apos; 30s , killing millions of krators . in the &apos; 40s , they looked at the nazis , the dozens , burned , hungry , many of the women at the time were
that &apos;s why it takes the grief . &quot;
and as a psychologist , the notion of the most that we had learned about what we learned in the virtual world about us , and we could use about our identity to live a better life in the real world .
we &apos;re getting used to a new way of being together .
human relationships are careful , chaotic and challenging .
so she disposted .
because at the moment where people are alone , even for a couple of seconds , they become hippie , scared , get panic , they reach to an electronic device .
but we are in danger , because in fact the opposite is true .
i &apos;m optimistic .
but apparently , we didn &apos;t have every one of the points of dots that some of our graduate students had predicted , and pretty often -- -- pretty often , i felt that they had given their predictions on financial art pressure .
maybe because my father has always read us before .
so i made them quiet , but they had to be very nurturing and they had to be already .
and finally , i thought of a pyramid , but i &apos;m missing the time to take care of it .
even though you lose not having a fear of failure , if we &apos;ve given borers everything , because who can demand more than anything than anything that he likes to do .
if i want to name it , i never know one answer .
did i taste enough ?
the second challenge would be cells .
today , in many clinical attempts , different types of stem cells are used for heart disease .
only last month , it &apos;s been done with this technology to show the creation of human liver tissue .
and we can put them together and apply it to 360 degrees and analyze the kidney in all their multi-dimensional properties , and then we can just take this information out and scan .
i couldn &apos;t regularly go to school . i was just dirty .
i was a kid , i said , &quot; yes , that &apos;s what i want . i want this surgery .
you may have noticed that a new field is developed called scarp trade .
and connected with these genomes , there were examples all over the world -- from the election of a president to the famous pregnant wikipedia and everything that &apos;s in between -- what could make the power of a lot .
third , exciting , unsolved environmental problems .
because what you need , that &apos;s the hole , not the drill .
i don &apos;t want a cd , i want the music that she plays .
my name is joseph and his name in kenya .
we need to take away our women and children , we need to run . &quot;
i &apos;m trying to improve infrastructure .
late at night i drove home with batteries and ice .
together : does any malls have poster ?
co : i decided to stay in the country to give up the master in moscow and work in a full time to do this .
this can be huge spending , but if the city can win a number of x volunteers for y hours , the dollar value of the dying work is the cost of the city .
they have hotlines , charts and data .
so this is , in the 18 minutes that had been driven to me , to talk here between two-and-a-half thousand people to be traveled into cities .
and he was in a superficial bowl of the mud .
the buildings here have several stories .
the green things in the foreground are manufacturing .
and if you &apos;re a legal underground district , then you have political activity .
i couldn &apos;t realize that i would be part of a technological revolution that would make this dream true .
think about it . these men who have not had the same education opportunity like me , helped me get through their dedicated support , leading qualifications in jura .
in the days , textile programs usually worked with a writing type , but by using a labeling of flat water scanners and transportation systems , he could develop a machine that could read any writing .
but you know , i think it &apos;s very lonely to read me from machines .
because it &apos;s not allowed to transport these books across the border , had to be read in the various english monkeys of different versions : u.k. , usa , canada , australia , and new zens of harry potter had to have all different
the average average . lifestyle has been more than doubled for 1840 , and it &apos;s increasing at the speed of five hours a day .
another thing . you wish people like me happiness , ok ?
secondly , the new machine age is such a good news , because once the android work takes over , we don &apos;t have to do it anymore , and that &apos;s what platforms are saving us and whistling .
the societal challenges because of these inequality should be observed .
the economic game rules are surprisingly clear , and surprisingly straightforward , especially in the short view .
and my biggest concern is that we create a world , with shipments of technologies , embedded in a slightly harmful society and supported by an economy that promotes inequality instead of possibilities .
in the course of years , i started feeling increasingly uncomfortable with this notion of god .
some people have noticed that we can only believe in god that divides our pain .
in the second stereotype , the line of &quot; wind and waves are obeying him . &quot;
so who is god , if not the big stupidest or the stores ?
the lowest soul of the universe .
by looking at the god in the inside , using my own warm .
one of the first things i started to explore was the story of the word &quot; technology . &quot;
we haven &apos;t found neanderthal , which was older than 40 years , and the average age of these hunter-gatherer tribes is 20 to 30 to 30 .
our body has been used to this new diet .
so this equality of energy and matter that einstein has shown and also shows the modern science of quantum computers that are entropy and information and matter and energy and energy , so it &apos;s a long continuum .
this is a robot that wants to stick his own platform to get more electricity .
and what i mean by that is that we &apos;re looking at a new job .
a great development that started billions of years ago is moving through us and continues , and our choice is kind of in technology , is really in the way that we have the power that is much more powerful than ourselves .
so they said , &quot; well , we have five classes of 30 to 40 students .
we put it all down , and we found beautiful wooden bars , white bars , and it looked like this -- while we renovated someone , &quot; you know what , it looks like the bowl of a ship . &quot;
so we waited , we sat on the tables , and we waited .
there are a lot of symbiosis . the only problem , especially for the adults that work at mcsnile , who didn &apos;t really know when they started , was that there was only a toilet .
the teachers we work with -- everything else for teachers -- they tell us what we should do .
about 170 tutors have worked with them on the book , and that &apos;s how it worked beautifully .
and right behind that -- there &apos;s usually a little chain -- right behind that , and they were taught like children .
there &apos;s also this secret door -- it &apos;s a shelf that you don &apos;t see when you put it in , but it &apos;s slowing down slowly .
he &apos;s a suit . he &apos;s bringing his cousins .
writer an email , he &apos;ll tell you every question that you can imagine .
i was this girl .
80 percent of refugees are women and children . oh .
there &apos;s one side that thinks that peace means the end of the struggle , and there &apos;s a side that thinks that peace means the creation of schools and jobs .
she sent her children to school -- found a new home .
there &apos;s also one , the manual for complete idiots , you knew this ?
there are idy picks on top of the cape , and we &apos;re all able to drive here .
this is my baby pa . thank you very much .
he basically said , &quot; i designed everything . &quot;
and so , in a certain sense , i always felt bad .
so i came up with this kind of complication .
i found out that cheetos are very good expression .
the university is the most difficult , so number 10 is difficult .
from all in a strange hotel survey of clear recognition , which is a window , until the moment the street was depressed black , and that white mott was dying there in the sun .
and i was reminded by the exhibiting presentation of karen armstrong , that religion really understood nothing about faith , but has to do with behavior .
the north pole layer of water , geography , the same size . it doesn &apos;t look like this , but it has exactly the same size as the united states , absorbing an area that is roughly the same size as the state of
but it &apos;s not just industrialized countries .
we can &apos;t wait for the dry season that had australia to change our political culture .
this challenge is part of all of our civilization .
a new appreciation of the privilege that we have in the challenge of this challenge .
before i show you a couple of pictures , i want to point out this beautiful detail about scientists and design .
the rca is really an extraordinary school in these skills .
we discussed this morning with keith mribb , that many scientists don &apos;t tend to show something beautiful in their talks , scared to be considered stupid bonds .
here &apos;s why you can print textiles in 3d , which is very interesting .
so that makes us think more about what robots mean for us .
no . so i had to think a little sharper .
we did the same for iraq .
that was a challenge that we had to ask as a physicist .
we can press it up . the forces are more fragmented . there are more of them , but they &apos;re weaker .
&quot; natural 7 &quot; gangbotext , a whole band .
and there are some employees in foundations that call this compassion of compassion .
the idea of justice , which determines our lives and gives us a sense of what is right in life , which is just in life , what we should do , social justice .
and what that is like , he deserves during the preacher .
so every week , the conservation system would come over . &quot; god , you &apos;ve heard me again . &quot;
you &apos;re a symptom for a tumor , an infection , a negotiation , or an operation .
the muscles were deserved , paralyzed -- dosticstic , like this .
we treat them with symptom of symptom &apos;s medicine -- pain -- which , frankly , is not very effective at this kind of pain .
now you get a sense of how much rocks we &apos;re talking about here .
it was 1908 . it doesn &apos;t matter . i can live with that .
i don &apos;t know if you can see it from the back lines of any kind . these are just stars .
in 2005 , nasa started a probe called &quot; deep impact , &quot; which is one of them in the core of a comet .
these are smart guys -- men and women -- astronauts , as i said , engineers .
the difference between dinosaurs and us is that we can have a space program and choose , and by that we can change our future .
at that time , i ran b92 , the only independent , to be accurate , the only electronic medium of the country .
and i thought that b92 was going to survive and be a great company if milo crash would be gone , which made it right .
and at the end of the host , he says , &quot; look , it &apos;s not going to work , you &apos;ll never see your money again . but my foundation will put 50,000 dollars on the table so you can test the idea .
and we said that -- that &apos;s okay , let &apos;s meet , you bring us your business plan with what you actually did .
look , we started in east and central europe with our work and went to russia .
after a while , we opened a media center .
and we &apos;ve developed the idea of spending instructions , running on the free press .
and that &apos;s how you organize the funding , so that there are no dark chambers , there are no blind people running around to find themselves .
so why does this work ? that &apos;s the question .
well , some call it a theory of everything .
one simple example is this : newton found the law of gravity , which works like one , divided by the square of the abroad between each one .
the more symmetry you have , the better you make the simplicity and the elegance of the theory .
one thing he thought is most of us today , but at his time , was not obvious .
it doesn &apos;t tend to know the meaning of these bombs that they follow basic laws and accidents .
but he read in every free moment he had , books .
from that ambition , he returned to the state of state .
but when he was in the process of putting his signature under the gravity , his hand was deaf and she was criticizing because he was shocking thousands of hands to a second breakthrough .
not very surprising -- it was only three women under the 16 scholarships in the white house .
but i have to say that the older i became , the more i understand what was an incredible privilege it was to have lions from one man so many hours .
and as lincoln told the story , all after the war went to the u.k.
i asked my father under tears , &quot; what can we do ? &quot;
what is the reason that i &apos;m going to be grateful for this strange love of history that allows me to spend life on the past .
he had the temple , and he got fucking .
this is the event , this object is the proof that the jews after exile in baby , after the whole years they sat in babylon , and reminded to jerusalem that these jews were allowed to go home .
all of these are respected by cyrus .
the babylonian cylinder is written by the priests of the great god of babylon , marduk .
you all know what happened .
to see this object in tehran , thousands of inner living jews came to tehran .
some know more about the living conditions , but they still think they &apos;re a necessary evil .
they took babies in the first few hours , but their needs were not satisfied , and at some point they learned not to stop , and in a few days they got funny , joke , and start in the air like everybody else .
a study shows that family venencies cost 10 percent of a home house , at about 30 percent .
and that fascinated me , because i almost spent my whole life on front of a camera .
you know pretty quickly what to do to find an answer .
it was 114 people -- most of them and family were there .
we listened to each other .
but of course he never came . the explanation never happened .
and after many , many meetings , i was excited that this man , ahmad confident , really one of my heroes and mentors , managed to get unice in the boat .
so he said yes , and we found ourselves in afghanistan again .
they were the ones who believed in peace and his possibilities , etc . , etc . -- and they made it real .
we connect with olympa -- i met seb coe . i said , &quot; at london 2012 , it &apos;s about the truce .
it &apos;s about their voting party to do their business .
the largest brains in the world should be the cognitive most powerful .
i went through the literature after the origin of this number , but i could never find them .
there &apos;s just one big primate brain .
and amazingly , this is exactly what our ancestors invented 1.5 million years ago when they discovered cooking .
fairly simple approaching for the holy conversations that i led to .
and i think i &apos;m standing right at the beginning .
but once the fighting were losing , the physical rehabilitation was exposed .
behind him was a child , his son , red in his face , to shoot his father .
but mahmoud and his son were already there .
and at the night , i spoke with my boss at the headquarters , and i told them -- i said -- i said to them , &quot; look , we start with a couple of hours every day , just for some repairs . &quot;
two groups of the mutually started fighting .
so i said , &quot; what &apos;s going on ? &quot;
&quot; but yes , we need to increase the production of feet .
he was a new man , even bigger .
physical therapy , not just in the orthopedic center , but also in the houses of people .
and you should see me during a party .
and that hospital could have afforded bagfires .
why ? because the path i took was banned .
but i learned something more profound than that , which is that the leaders -- the managers of the economy of ghana -- made incredibly bad decisions that had taken our economy short before the breakdown .
because i knew that the state of the african continent for my children and their children would be important .
i &apos;m trying to get the experience i had in swarthth to bring africa .
did my time ran ? ok .
we &apos;ve reached a moment where a great society can increase within a generation .
you &apos;ll notice that he &apos;s very similar to the visual yellow ball -- the sun that we draw as children .
in fact , that &apos;s something half of you , more than half of you , will not be familiar .
32 pills calm &apos;s focus .
live . &quot;
and those are the messages you convey to them ?
because , in the end , the sponsors love it , and so he takes them on television constantly .
a professional helicopter who talks to dead , she doesn &apos;t get me ?
what is homgiad ?
we &apos;d like to conclude with people how to contacts federal , country and commercial authorities so that they do something .
thank you .
so the entire hospital often runs on a generator .
there must be something better . &quot;
but that &apos;s how the user can control if there &apos;s just electricity or not , because you can control the driving on the ground , how much percent oxygen you give your patient .
but we want to be sure that this is the most effective and safe device that we can provide hospitals .
the different types of writing in africa , the first one was prototype , like the script , the script of the secret society of the secret society in south nigeria .
anyway , until 1998 , as a yale professors named john coleman gnell in the west wireless desert , they had been placed in the west turtles in the west of 1800 to 1900 b.c. , centuries of
almost a fifth of greenhouse gases come from the livestock -- that &apos;s more than traffic .
not bad .
i like animals , and the animal attitude to industrialized animals and animals on the craft of flu , is not just so fine .
conventional wisdom was a very french thing .
a picture of fish bars would be even better , right ?
so it wasn &apos;t quite bad .
i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
some of us would think that might not be that bad .
so about a year ago , i asked myself a question : &quot; why am i , although i know what i know , no vegetarian ? &quot;
on the weekends , you have choices .
you can make a picture with an iphone and get all the names , even though it does even error .
she remains distracted . he finally wins the race .
you can &apos;t see it because it &apos;s too big .
you would think it &apos;s an interest of trying to figure out more about if the people are so high , but it &apos;s a very neglected area .
or a aesthetic experience -- a sunshine or a big artwork .
human nature should have to change .
but part of the reason -- and that &apos;s why we have a ethical level in relation to that -- is that they are intrinsic .
it could be more complicated in people , but maybe not very much .
jh : is it free to play with these forces ?
and so i knew exactly that i need something for remote control .
so there is gravity , there &apos;s flying , there &apos;s the dynamic behavior of liquid .
and so i think you can be predictable .
this is a great assistant in the studio .
we take the pizza , our very first pizza , and we beat the individual slices , while the messenger stands in the window and is looking at us .
i was sure 20 before i first went into an art museum .
i thought , okay , you &apos;ve got some criteria like you want to pick up the works .
it &apos;s not photoshop .
they were interested in creating the alternatives of alternative medicine , and they needed money for it , so she decided to make some interesting fundraising .
this project is called &quot; love . &quot;
and so we went to the grave and did this , and it was funny -- the attention we got .
and she describes like the females -- all she &apos;s saying is that the blog is frustrated because of the blogging fruit .
he &apos;s an australian tribal estate , and he &apos;s an artist .
it depends on origami . all right .
people used mathematical principles on art to understand the underlying lawyers .
or you put it on the top and you put 50 stars on a flag with 13 strips .
how would you make a single flap ?
we found these rules that you put in circles , you cover the circles with lines that obey additional rules . it makes crease patterns .
you can do a lot of things .
but if you want to make it bigger , you could need something origami .
and that doesn &apos;t matter whether you &apos;re in space or you go into a body .
i grew up in a block in the state of washington with too much free time .
we only have three minutes . but we &apos;re talking about this for hours .
and so i want to talk about it because if we don &apos;t recognize it , this transformation will be very painful .
and at a moment , i &apos;m going to show you a graph , and what you &apos;re going to see in the graph -- it starts in 1973 , right now , before the women begin to raise the workforce , and it goes on to
you gave out instructions from the top .
because i write about all of this , i relate to that , and i &apos;m not answering that .
and that was very discouraging to them .
since we have not completely processed this information , they come back to us in the form of pop culture , in this curious and overwhelming way , where you can see that stereotypes change .
there &apos;s no man or no woman standing in the middle and is doing the wires .
with personal income on a scale that was consistent to account inflation , in that time more than double , has nearly tripled .
and to listen and understand what i say is about 60 bits per second .
it continued to happen , so in the last book of me called &quot; good business , &quot; i interviewed a couple of ceo who became very successful from their environment as very successful and very ethical with big social responsibility .
control is always a secure thing , because you &apos;re probably feeling in your mind , but it &apos;s not terribly accurate .
&quot; where were you born , raised to school ? &quot;
because when my grandparents were born , they had their own meaning of what home is , and they had their importance for community , and even for hostility , which was given to them from birth . they didn &apos;t really have the opportunity to go
more and more people are assured in the future or present , like in the past .
i went down into the room that i should sleep in .
pico ierer : where is home ?
there was a big gap between one billion in industrialized countries and the two billion in the developing world .
but this is the world we have today . no more gap .
and let me show you why by turning back to the old-fashioned , digital technology .
the survival of children is the new green .
and again , they were better than us , &quot; their brits and their mortality rate of heart disease is shocking . &quot;
but when you give people vitamin dauthority , you don &apos;t change the high number of heart disease .
and i started working with cell cultures , and they were growing , and then i worked with kitchen mouse models -- mice that couldn &apos;t produce the gene .
one of the subjects was my mother-in-law , and of course i don &apos;t know how old it is .
could you be the equator as well in summer ?
certainly many advances , lots of cute lives .
this is actually real photography , at the time lapse that shows that the limb is regenerating within a few days .
and here on the right you can see what happened six months later , which is technically adapted to an algorithmic .
a blood vessels are made of two different cell types .
so we &apos;re going to put it back in this oven-like device .
even more complex organs . with the most complex solid organs , they were highly vulnerable , with any amount of blood vessels , organs , like heart , liver and kidney .
that &apos;s still in the experiments .
we prefer cells that are not going to come down and form a tumor .
we only need five seconds .
every problem out there would have an idea .
that &apos;s why i &apos;m a little bit intrinsically -- different than all of the suitcase and sugar that i had -- but this is really scary for an entrepreneur .
that doesn &apos;t mean that you have to visit a mba program .
i went from door to door , and i sell numbers of numbers of prosthetics .
it &apos;s like a recession . so , there &apos;s a recession .
and you would make these chairs .
that &apos;s pointless . &quot; you have to find a way to get money faster .
i sold masses of sunglass .
they don &apos;t get regular income , but they have the opportunity to find more tasks and learn , the capacity of trade , and they also learn the ability to find more possibilities .
if you go into a restaurant and you &apos;re going to be operating badly , you &apos;re going to show you how bad customers look like .
these young , grassroots .
the development of today &apos;s student is to throw all the interests except one overboard .
the recreation of basics or minimum of cultural relief increases most of our students .
the values of the past are also removed . that &apos;s bringing a lot of society .
but it &apos;s a policy of principles , not the vision .
they have a mind . and they have other people .
what we should be thinking about when we think about conservative -- except this case of the 1980s -- which is this : they go to church .
yeah , i know you don &apos;t really believe me .
and that doesn &apos;t just lead to another result , it has the potential to change how we interact with each other .
totally different .
in fact , this is not a right organization , but clearly -- let me finish up -- creative commons provides authors a simple way to empower your content with the freeties that you want to give you .
john mccain .
and i wonder how often this happens .
he told me that he brought the trial , and then said , &quot; there &apos;s a snake in the next room , and we &apos;re going to go there . &quot;
so , for today , i had the idea that i &apos;m going through this process and showing you what this journey looks like .
and the hospital and general electromagnetic were also happy .
i survived , just so we understand right .
i &apos;m always asked by people , &quot; is it really possible to use these microbial ecosystems to benefit us ? &quot;
another way that microbes can spread through the people . architects like that , they like to put together the human interaction or exchange of ideas in zones of the labor labs and the office .
imagine a design that is considering microbes , zones on the plane or on a phone .
and nobody knew about it .
my company , cl , built a system called guide for apple macintosh .
in 1992 , his essay was removed by the hypertext conference .
and greenpeace wanted to interfere with this , and a method that you wanted to do that was to put one of these humpback whales to put a orange chip on one of these humpback whales .
on 78 percent of the vote . and to give you an idea of the earth &apos;s earth &apos;s earth , two percent in popularity was only three percent .
and the last message i want to share with you is : you can be quite successful online .
i don &apos;t think i need to explain what a big privilege it is to stand in front of you today .
this is the school built with the community .
what we have in gando is tons .
just like that .
good morning . magic is a great way to be in order to predict the real curve , to make this possible , what science is going to really make tomorrow .
there are color red and color black , they stand for the continuous change from day to night .
voice : why not ? that &apos;s a very good sheet .
this is an illusion .
so this is china , a civilization-state , and not so much a nation-state .
but you can &apos;t lead to a country like china , on the basis of a civilization , a system .
and the reason is that , first , the state in china gets a very special -- enjoying a very special meaning than the representation , the embodiment and the hierarchy of chinese civilization , the civilization state .
he was in 1972 , including beijing and shanghai .
we &apos;ve seen this in terms of the 2020 -- which is the position of the g7 rap -- or the g8 .
he pulled up a road in the foreground , and the cars drive below .
red = drumming blue = packages of green = accepting orphan orange = led the mouths of the mouths .
and the first song was in english , the second one was chinese .
she was listening to her song .
i made graffiti , wrote my name everywhere , used the city as a canvas .
i mean , these were the faces of my friends .
you all accepted that your picture would be touched next to each other .
&quot; you mean you live an israeli face -- that cuts a grass right there , right there ? &quot;
in most places i went , i decided to go because i heard about them in the media .
i took more pictures , and we started the project .
are you a non-governmental organization ? are you from the media ? &quot;
so the roofs were hired , a woman was able to see , &quot; now god can see me . &quot;
because that &apos;s a big part of it . there are layers behind each photograph .
but they basically made me a promise .
or , &quot; how can we help . &quot;
when i think about the interconnected and what &apos;s driving it , why i think it &apos;s happening now , i think there are some factors that i want to give you as a back information .
they &apos;ve dissolved a trend .
zipcar started a decade earlier , in 2000 .
it challenges the participation . cities have been participating in a lot of different ways .
it &apos;s very cheap , and it &apos;s very , very smelly .
the last 40 years were extraordinary times .
and it &apos;s also miniaturization .
this would be an increased migration process .
it &apos;s vital that at ted , they promoted ideas , ideas that we think about , and make sure that this will be a particularly terrifying century and not one of global disaster and ecoadapts .
my own family are boring academics who are engaging to collect footprint from elite to our ambiad .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m here to meet the prime minister . &quot;
i thought he would be crazy , but some of it remained really hang .
i sat , just like you here , in the audience .
this is another picture .
so , since netra said my career , it was a lot of success to me .
i started exploring the dark sequence of human psyche .
this time , i said , let &apos;s try something else .
so i said , &quot; okay . &quot;
sw : much better . einstein is very honored to be here at ted 2006 between all the today &apos;s einstein . in fact , she &apos;s very excited .
it would be very dangerous if you would fall down .
sw : no , i don &apos;t have a problem . you have the problem , you remember ?
sw : big finish .
sw : what about a stink ?
and my parents would find this important for their interior .
when i have a talent , it &apos;s things that i have to take apart from , which i have unhealthy scholarship .
the body has higher density than the water . at least 95 percent of the body suffer from itself .
and this is going to get you very far .
i asked him what that means .
at this point , if you want to do multiple languages and turn them off without affecting each other .
and she looked up to me and said , &quot; well , that &apos;s better . &quot;
i think they agree with me that they &apos;re very good at all together .
and we &apos;ve done tests so far with over 50,000 students , like , like , a half a dozen schools , my readers , by the way .
we found out -- and we were wrong with quite a lot of things wrong and then -- but we found that the young people loved it .
genad mulrank : a little introduction to the studio school
and finally , the only person to step forward , a young shepherd , and he goes to saul and says , &quot; i &apos;m going to fight him . &quot;
there &apos;s the cavalry , men on horses and with arguments .
goliath is easy prey . he &apos;s got no opportunity .
so goliath is bigger than the same at the time , and usually there &apos;s an explanation for that if someone is so far outside the norm .
and i think there &apos;s a very important lesson in all of us in this .
and it turns out that we &apos;re covered by a microbes , and these microbes usually make us good , instead of killing us .
they &apos;ve put all microbes out and put the thinest in the receiver .
most pills , or the joglines that you can eat , contain one or two , maybe five species , and the human community has thousands of species .
we need a particular book for the microbes that live in and on people so that we can understand what they do our lives .
very many people think about the internet very on the english , but for us it &apos;s truly global . we are in many , many languages .
now , when you saw a silly change on the side of me , you probably thought it would just look like this .
it &apos;s a social concept of cooperation , so we &apos;re not talking much about truth and objectivity .
and we have over 40 ire channels , 40 maillines .
it &apos;s not a perfect rule , but it &apos;s enough for the beginning .
and i always like to say that she is the only person who actually knows all the rules of wikipedia , about this ...
it seems to me that most of the textbooks that are being used to teach our children &apos;s education , from nature , is naturally biased .
in the jungle of guatemala , in stalil , there &apos;s a temple .
there &apos;s a missionary in southern alaska in southern alaska that told a missionary in 1896 , and here it is .
it &apos;s far below your cognitive thinking process .
we found activity in other brain regions -- in brain regions that are associated with computation and loss .
i have a girlfriend who &apos;s been processing a terrible load of love .
and i said , i don &apos;t know .
we apply each other , and we keep our views &quot; proper , &quot; and we &apos;re talking .
tools like halls , knife , tiles or axes that i took in a towel .
i was looking for long and wide , but never looked for me .
in some of the soils they put tools , sort of scarce to the fish grid .
so dolphins can switch and get off the distance .
look at how they synchronize with their partner and the other part of synchronization .
but what we found was that free dolphins don &apos;t just depend on a keyboard on a keyboard .
this is a dolphin called &quot; scarcity , &quot; because it &apos;s about 12 tosses over the years .
but while we decode their natural sound , we also plan to bring them back into the computer system .
and the word is invented .
there is yves rossy .
and especially when you &apos;re in the trajectory position , you have a feeling to fly .
yr : i &apos;m just trying to be a fate .
this is what i may have used in the last 15 years -- never with this kind of wing , but at the beginning .
we don &apos;t tell your employer .
but it was up to the top and full of categs .
they wondered to explain , as well as , what they saw would explain by invisible powers .
because this event was the scientific revolution , since our knowledge of the physical world , and how we can adapt to our needs , in the growing place .
by the way , why don &apos;t we do that ?
you &apos;re based on guessing ; we &apos;re on the bible . &quot;
there &apos;s something like a failed story .
and only when an explanation is good , it &apos;s also important that you can check them out .
glasses aren &apos;t very expensive . they &apos;re pretty rich .
it &apos;s currently about 30,000 of them .
what is mto for a place ?
the new festival demands the audience to play a crucial role in the design of performance performance .
she had met with others to look at the sultan &apos;s elephant , and that all did well . &quot;
&quot; no rubberia , that &apos;s good . &quot; first doctor : is it shark ? &quot;
i thought my career was over .
this is a bear where i was sitting on the rock for a while .
this is a piece of six-year-old ice , it &apos;s 12 years old .
i &apos;m going to show you today &apos;s images of loss of loss , greenland and nail , and leopard and leopard , but this picture here means more than any other thing i &apos;ve ever done .
people immediately said , &quot; we knew they were malignant . we knew it . &quot;
and this seal took the penguin in her head and she shocked him down and forth .
she swam away , started a penguin .
she tried to evaluate my camera , which is the dream of every photographer .
paul nick : stories from a rice of miracle
open your eyes right now .
have a ring ?
you &apos;re focusing on this task .
joe , we &apos;re doing this so long until she breaks it .
funny , yes , we have a little man , a strangeness , works up all day .
as i said , they form their reality .
first of all , we worked together to build and develop and develop ushahidi .
a call in the united states , after canada or china costs five kenya of ship , or 66 u.s. dollars .
it &apos;s mosquito built , so you can also connect a satellite mosquito and have the remote places of internet access .
and over time , the buildings became more and more and better our technology , so that the mechanical systems were enormous . they need large amounts of energy .
imagine two americans travel through italy .
please come up with all of them as liberal .
the best definition of anonymous that i know -- it explains so much -- comes from brain exploring gary mark .
it makes us live very , very old .
but look at the other three lines .
isn &apos;t that just the foundations of foreign hostility and authorism and penguinism ?
she took stil upwards and continued to go .
and they say , &quot; hold your laws away from my body . &quot;
and we have the signs of swana right , sana is the liberal god -- and both of them work together .
and so the answer , i think , is to use this passionate commitment to truth , and try to turn them all into a better future for us all .
but when you react , a lot of other people in the environment that are innocent , but also can be hurt -- the military wouldn &apos;t like to talk about collapse .
we look at something else , and it seems like it didn &apos;t seem that the situations were actually very comparable .
give someone a commander , how often , if you think about how it was introduced , how often did the police in queensland have stood up at the time ?
there were just some people who were shot at this incident .
she &apos;s 72 , and it looks like this is the most precious way to deal with her .
and when you &apos;re threatened to use them , people will give up , but it should not cause remaining damage . &quot;
we &apos;ve begun to organize makers with maker fairness .
billy bob , or billy bass , or something like that .
and i &apos;ll tell you more about it , but just ...
but he also moved here to meet other people who did the same thing as he did .
this is &quot; makerstone . &quot;
and we have to put this into schools , or in the communities , in many , many ways -- the ability to form , the world to shape us and new .
there is the glamour of physics .
and indeed , we see these glorious photos of stars all the time -- they call them wrong photographs .
it &apos;s not about one way , but you have to think of your world mental .
stairs coming from a goon , are glamorous .
but it will give you the illusion that if you buy this lamp , you &apos;re going to live in a world without wires .
perfect love -- symbolized through the perfect chain , with the perfect diamond .
because glamour can be very alive and deceptive .
but i also knew how hard they worked all week .
i did it in a number of stranger .
i heard about women who were pushed in their beds , or recruited in their burkas , like dead left back on parking lots , with acid , in their kitchen .
then i got cancer -- or i found that i had cancer .
my girlfriend prepared this big bowl , and i asked her , &quot; what is that ? &quot;
it was for me accepted friends and a lovely sister .
because we &apos;re all so bad to imagine the interior experience of our people and their secret intentions . &quot;
children need a long time to borrow the system .
rs : oh . now joshua goes to drink something .
rs : should ivan get in trouble ?
and you &apos;re in the coffee of your girlfriend .
first of all , i &apos;m going to prove to you that it &apos;s an engineering field .
please tell me they don &apos;t go off , if , let &apos;s say the pentagon is calling it .
but why have to feel anything at all ?
and it was , you know , a course for speed-to-day .
and secondly , is it possible or even wishing to be slowed down ?
you want to go back to a slow rhythm .
and norway , sweden , denmark and finland are under six competing nations in the world and working hours where the average american would cry before envy .
but the new idea , the revolutionary idea of determination , is that it &apos;s also like &quot; good slow slow . &quot;
i &apos;m finding the good stories like an amazing task on my task , and it made me feel so slow , because they were so slow and i wanted to get done quickly .
and so everything took its beginning , and they said , &quot; you can &apos;t build everything on an island ; part of it must stay on the bank because we don &apos;t want to waste ourselves from the community . &quot;
i worked on this for months , and i didn &apos;t do it because i felt that people who came from the historic museum are already loaded with information , so if you see a museum with information , you wouldn &apos;t do that anymore .
when i flew back home , the stock market was planned .
but you see the uniqueness of the environment .
moher sadies : building unique uniqueness
and when christian played a note -- play for example , f.
so in jazz , the band-being is absolutely amazing .
it &apos;s not about defeating my vision or something like that .
amamii ? am i alive for you ?
they had to reconcile much to come here .
in summer , india warms up extremely hot .
and the adult animal that comes after , still lives one or two months .
at the time , i didn &apos;t know that , but i know it today . these are hundreds of wandering .
so that made me a little curious . i &apos;m listening to this time , because i want to ask you , and here &apos;s a lot of people who spent -- of india , of course -- people who spent their childhood here .
so next i go to the phone .
october , november , december . that &apos;s not the time of the northeast monsoon .
okay , they put their eggs at the time of the seasonal rains , during the monsoon revenue .
it &apos;s just last week . the rain leaders have started , and now it &apos;s raining there .
it &apos;s a pretty incredible piece of data .
incredible . this is the extraordinary migration of a predator at all . it &apos;s a pretty incredible migration .
i made this out of my life .
and everybody thought i was good . but on the new terrain , i was terrible . people said , &quot; oh , he &apos;s -- oh , what happened to mud ? &quot;
the night before my surgery , i looked at them and asked me , &quot; how am i going to make this ? &quot;
next -- oh , checking . these guys are the community .
so i was pretty successful . and if you &apos;ve reached all of this , what is it that &apos;s driving you still ? i &apos;ve told you about the knee operation and other things , but what &apos;s driving one ?
my last tedtalk , about seven years ago .
but carl norden really cracked the code .
whenever the norden bombsight gets put into an airplane , it &apos;s accompanied by a series of arresters .
the chemical factory was cut on three square kilometers .
after the war was over , there was a test -- just like the army , the air force -- and they asked the question : how many clues did we actually destroy ?
i &apos;ve described to you the opposite of a success story .
a walk in a big city , or such a journey that shows this diversity of human species in an amazing way .
we ask about human despair .
but on what data is the impacts ?
imagine that that &apos;s what you &apos;d have to write .
it was an african where the global diversity of y-chromosomes is based .
the sahara was much bigger than today .
the people who specialized to kill the animals they hunt into the savings , moved north and followed the grasslands about 45,000 years ago in the middle east in a rare flying period of the sahara .
the human genome , rover mission on mars .
we know deeply in our hearts that the universe doesn &apos;t move from mush to complexity .
here we go .
what you see here , the blue areas are about a thousandth of the degree than the red areas .
that works on smaller distances as gravity , which explains why they and i are smaller than the stars and planets .
you &apos;re going to be familiar with the double helix of dna .
let me explain why .
over the last 200 years , something else happened .
now you might ask yourself , &quot; what &apos;s the talk about ? &quot;
we &apos;re not as good at being insurance .
and then you have to decide how to invest in your 52 choices , and you &apos;ve never heard of a fund fund .
at least a wonderful study has predicted this .
but when you get the driver &apos;s license , you &apos;ll check the box if you don &apos;t want to donate the organs .
the other group gets two apples ; one is taken away .
save more tomorrow does it simple .
that &apos;s just one example .
it &apos;s a song about a so-called colibrated , a creature mimicking a creature , which is again imitating a creature .
hello , who is there , please ?
thank you .
it has too much impact on life experience .
i &apos;m trying to cover time .
so what did i do ?
we invent stories to explain our existence .
so what did they do ? they sent their walter raleigh to separate their human part of their divine part .
expect a child ?
elizabeth : scene you out ! screw out ! screw out !
i went to visit a friend of mine , and he was waiting for me to wait in his apartment in mabbar hill in the 20th floor , a really rich area in mumbai .
everything is a contradiction .
we lived from less than one dollar a day -- about 15 years .
and you have to use nuts from the rainforest to show that forests are worth more value than the grasslands . &quot;
he said , &quot; you can &apos;t hire one person to sleep . &quot;
but it &apos;s not just about people ; it &apos;s about life change .
if on a limited planet all &#91; products &#93; should be sustainable , how can we do this ?
coke has to work with pepsi .
these are nine of them .
at the end of the end , i think we had 60 percent of global production at the table and 25 percent of the demand .
this is not irrelevant .
but they &apos;re not just buying the sake ; they &apos;re also buying carbon in the trees to look at carbon cost of the federal cost of the product to europe .
so the communication of brain and spinal cord will interrupt ; this leads to a complete and durable paralysis of the legs .
after a few years , it &apos;s been managed to develop an electrochemical neurologist that placed the nervous system of the spinal cord from a sleep in a car .
we &apos;ve worked hard for 10 years to get this goal .
so after a couple of weeks of recovery , we have programming pumps to inject an individual drug cocktail directly to the spinal cord .
and i was a working class kid .
he talked about the world as she is and the world as she should be .
and by doing that , these women spreading a lot of obstacles out of the way .
in the white house , and the desk he &apos;s sitting on is called &quot; reserve desk . &quot;
and the last day , the woman who took care of everything , and we talked a little bit about , and suddenly she said to me , &quot; would you sing me something ? &quot;
for this , this effect is a hymn to the voice , because it &apos;s mysterious -- as you can see -- it &apos;s completely spontaneous , and it &apos;s originally .
they didn &apos;t have them .
so the internet needs a contagion and instructions .
one of the most popular websites of the world being run by the most powerful company in the world , and there was nothing that youtube or google could do .
and today , wikipedia is such a medium that you can even find them on the maps of restaurants in china .
and that &apos;s what wikipedia understood .
this is a blog that determines unfortunate portrait .
why ? there &apos;s an author at craigs &apos;s .
the world did not end in the &apos; 90s .
and we see that the impact of the environment is very , very strong in some countries .
all of that costs money .
and there &apos;s been a lot of effort to give students with migration and social families to give the same chances .
how are schools represented in the media ?
in bureaucratic school systems , teachers will leave in the class alone and have a lot of education .
some people claim that the development of education management is similar to the definition of a cemetery .
but if you look at the problem from this perspective , you see what &apos;s happened in the last 60 years .
and i went around about 15 miles all the morning to come to the chemist .
so this was obviously an undeceptable device .
we could also do it with telephones .
so there &apos;s a business for them .
&quot; government needs to offer economically economic services . &quot;
it was once , long time ago when i was 24 years old , and i was studying at st. john &apos;s medical college at the time at the st.aljohn john medical college .
and you can see my card when i get it here .
and i also make an invention .
now we &apos;re in the 1930s , and you see that japan goes through a time of war , with low life expectancy .
and they decided not only to invest in health and education but also started to grow the economy .
washington , d.c. went outside .
not the bubble , not my bubbles , but the financial bubble .
are they going to really accept a completely changing world economy , and the power transition of where they &apos;ve been over the last 50 to 100 to 100 years , went back to asia ?
the rest of the diagram is a very mysterious substance called dark energy .
but that doesn &apos;t explain the whole mass either .
and now they &apos;re going to give the fact that we live in a three-dimensional universe -- a three-dimensional space .
again , this is a kind of truth model of what &apos;s going on during gravity .
they move away from each other because the room gets bigger .
by looking at things like galaxy clusters -- their participants , how many of you are giving it a function of time -- we can bring in experience , which means dark matter and dark energy is related to each other to form structures .
the big questions in physics .
sleepy man banjo boys : new jersey ... new jersey ?
so , recycling and reusing are central points here .
marc kiss : 1.3 million reasons to reinvent plastic syringes
and in fact , there were these changes in gay men in the united states during the 1980s .
it &apos;s a disease that kills a lot of adults in africa and also many children .
in uganda we see that the distribution took place .
that &apos;s close to pretty similar development .
but openness and connection has a price when we think about disease . that shouldn &apos;t be a surprise .
coffee is uranium of state product .
emily oyster once studies the aids statistics in africa from an economic perspective , and comes to a surprising consequence : all our knowledge about the spread of hiv on the continent is wrong .
but i was fascinated because i saw this kind of fine italian introduction .
he was called &quot; bull train , &quot; suggesting , because he was disappointed in front , but every time he dropped in a tunnel , he built a pressure wave . in the tunnel , there was a kind of big bang
these humps go on the water like a magnet .
then we ask ourselves why the membrane is going and why it takes so much power for that .
for example , in the empires of nanoparticles in a material .
in biomimicry , my counseling society , we work with the architectural auditorium high architect .
janine benyus : using biomimicry
&quot; yes , but why ? &quot;
we were four , not one , and fortunately not boys .
you can &apos;t do anything about it .
it &apos;s never going to happen in india because it was now and never again .
they said , &quot; yes . &quot; i said , &quot; all right , let &apos;s pray . &quot;
this was a meditation for over 1,000 prisoners in this prison .
second , it &apos;s about anti-rise of movement in india .
now , let me tell you about a project that we did a couple of years later , a kind of evolution of captcha .
it basically makes it happen by starting with an old book .
the number of pages that use recaptcha is actually so high that the number of words that we digitize a day is very , very big .
some of them are more fun .
right now , the web is divided into several languages .
then comes my favorite part of the question .
there &apos;s a way to beat two flies with a pair of flies .
but what may be even more surprising , the translations that we get from the queens , even if they &apos;re just beginners , the translations that we &apos;re getting are also just just like the professional translators , and that &apos;s very surprising
because people are making value in their learning , they don &apos;t have to pay money , they pay for their time .
the connected side , the company , makes what makes it really good .
growing platforms for active participation is everything else as normal .
and zipcar provides a very scary , consequence service that works fabulously .
for aristotle , happiness was the highest , the goal that everything else goes on .
maybe these guys have right . they &apos;re not good at me , and they &apos;re not good at all .
10 percent of the time they shut down -- ... at sex .
i played the violent africans , the african terrorists .
well , from the first election , no more delicate sheet -- so no one had reached absolute majority -- so the elections were continued in a second round three weeks later .
so here &apos;s an interesting comparison .
so i moved to la jolla and learned about surfing .
people in the 17th century didn &apos;t really know how much that this stuff is a bunch of different molecules , and that we breathe that for a certain reason and something like that .
and so , charles , i &apos;m going to give money , give you a building , and you can meet you there , but don &apos;t talk about religion .
reality is what you can see .
i thought everybody with a little bit of mind would do that .
just to see what would happen if you mix those two .
so i have something else that is not personally personally .
if you want to become rich today , entrepreneurs will be .
they say , if you measure the temperature of the atmosphere , it &apos;s not going to increase -- it &apos;s not at all . we &apos;ve been measuring very carefully for 20 years , and it &apos;s not rising .
biochemist kyis mullis talks about the foundation of modern science : the experiment . he tells stories from the 17th century and his own rocket days in the garden and the curiosity , inspiration and careful science in all their shapes .
i wanted to represent a simple way of representing living bodies that occupy these displaced spaces , downloaded spaces .
now , &quot; nack city &quot; is a nickname for new york and &quot; spillen &quot; to embody the metlane and retrofits that come out of the sense of destruction in an urban environment .
i love traveling , and berlin became one of my favorite things .
and all the time i didn &apos;t see a single rat on any of these places until i went into the london channels .
the first question is , and maybe they put them up , either on a piece of paper , physically , or on a virtual sheet in your head , and , for audience home , you can also try that .
and we then interrupt , &quot; we are the best scientific school in the world , &quot; because of our british hybrid .
except that -- you nick -- well , in your installation , you thought , &quot; hmmm , what &apos;s happening during the night ? &quot;
and one of the most difficult problems is , if people have an idea of how everything works , it &apos;s pretty hard to change this .
and as an expert for an organic chemistry , i have friends and colleagues that differ between the organic , living world and the inorganic , living world .
and you can see , he &apos;s frustrating , kein , growing in a way .
we have amazing forms of life that we can manipulate .
and darwin himself asked a letter in a letter to a colleague that life was probably going somewhere in a warm little pond -- maybe not in scotland , maybe in africa , maybe somewhere else .
what is life ? what is this stuff of life ?
and we can connect them and literally thousands and thousands of really big nucleic molecules create in the same size of dna and protein , but it &apos;s not carbon in view .
we want to put them in the environment , and we want them to get their energy from the sun .
and i think if we can make an organic biology and get matter to evolve , it &apos;s going to define life .
but there &apos;s another reason why i like these development goals : every single one is measuring .
and these are highly professional female interviews who sit with a woman for an hour and ask them to their birth theory .
i was actually sitting on friday in front of my computer , and i could see the mortality rate that went from 128 to 84 .
as you know , these economists love money , they want more and more of them .
as you can see , it doesn &apos;t make any sense to calculate a average of improvement , which is not , and this very fast progress .
but you don &apos;t talk about it that much .
they were high , or very high , child mortality , and the families were also very large , six to eight .
here &apos;s catar .
whatever keeps getting value for money .
yeah , i went bfoot until i was 12 .
and he told them , &quot; put the detroit in question .
the entire time was a border .
and gandhi development , i think , is going to take forward the world , will make a difference , not just for a few , but for everybody .
above the knee , yes , that would be hard ...
the time time -- it took about 10 years and 700 million dollars .
he said , &quot; the earth gives enough to satisfy everybody &apos;s needs , but not everybody &apos;s grets .
and they die of mri .
i went to high school .
when i was the council of scientific industries research -- 40 labs -- if two lab engines didn &apos;t speak to each other , i built teams .
they &apos;ve come on this , and now i have apps in the app-stores .
it &apos;s about perfecting something old and leading something old into the 21st century .
it &apos;s still very hot , but no longer radioactive .
but because this reactor is not under high pressure and chemically , it &apos;s not so reactive , it means that the authorities don &apos;t tend to leave the reactor .
i &apos;m convinced that the reactor that i &apos;ve designed here , can be a positive energy source that will deliver the great scientific projects with electricity , and i &apos;m really willing to do that .
we &apos;re moving to an experience of experience where the experience is the actual product .
there &apos;s a manufacturer of the radio grid providing the case that she &apos;s running in the forest .
at the end of a long literature that he gives his son labels , he says this : &quot; especially , be real against you .
and usually in los angeles , you don &apos;t run a lot , but there &apos;s a place where you can run a lot out of this town .
then they &apos;ll be replaced as false as a harm -- by complaining about properties that they don &apos;t have .
when i was small , i was very introverted and i &apos;d like to stay for myself .
then it was just about starting at a point and then building them to the end .
so i built it from concrete , because it doesn &apos;t really matter .
that was the tool .
and for me , this is the most important thing , because since i was a child , i wanted to convey my passion and love .
25 days : the heart cameras develop 32 days : arms and hands develop 36 days : the primitive sport begins to form these weeks of the time that the fetus evolves the fastest .
the complexity of building this in a single system is again beyond any understanding or any of the math today .
because apparently there &apos;s this unstable ipad lithium 6 in the atmosphere of sunny stars .
so what can you do with this spectra ?
and a colleague recently sent me a colleague from berkeley , genocide basel , an email with a very interesting spectrum , and said , &quot; can you look at that ? &quot;
there are two ways -- about masters and mass stars -- where matter and chemical elements are made in the universe and regenerated .
because can you imagine that it &apos;s being preserved ?
now imagine an object , an incredible object , or something that we can &apos;t explain , and we just stand up and say , &quot; so , let &apos;s go . physics doesn &apos;t work . &quot;
and when we see nitrogen dioxide and oxygen , i think we have the perfect e.t.
i just said , &quot; really ? &quot; and he said , &quot; absolutely . &quot;
what i can tell you : it &apos;s universal ; we all have them .
i &apos;m just addicted to office articles , but that &apos;s another talk .
this led to a little breakdown -- -- which was actually more like that .
and i said , &quot; but the thing is , no family stuff , no childhood shit . &quot;
what makes you feel vulnerable ? &quot;
i &apos;m right , you &apos;re not right . take the valve .
we do as if what we do is not affect other people .
the people who procoded their meals in twitter , the winds of their children on the iphone .
so if we think about using them to use systematic improvements , we also think about how to be useful to our self-improvements , for our self-esteem and self-knowledge .
and today i want to talk about one of the things we decided to do at the time , we wanted to find a new access to health care .
so steven divides his story , but it &apos;s not alone .
here &apos;s why people pray .
i also love this cybercriminal implant , including these , the only patients that were online and available .
and here we have a paper .
you don &apos;t have a parachute , you have no data , it &apos;s not about scientific methods .
this is the curve of treatment .
but my brother didn &apos;t leave it with him .
now , if we went from here to the b-15 iceberg , we would get on something , which is 300 feet tall , 120 miles long , 28 miles wide , which is like two gigatons .
to change the state , you only need two volts of a millennium impulse .
we said , &quot; can you build that ? &quot;
we can do better than that .
but there &apos;s a fascinating solution that comes from what &apos;s called the complex science .
consequently , networks are ideal representations of complex systems .
and it also has impact on systematic risk .
so we could put in every activity in action .
we see the emergence of long-term and capitalist programs that are going to understand our connected world from the point of view of complexity .
water pipes have a very determined capacity with rigorous surveillance -- unless you use expensive pumps and valves .
and we had 500 of these glasses prepared .
without human to do .
so we were on top of our double stick .
and this graph doesn &apos;t even mean something that &apos;s invented data .
and my brain starts to think very quickly that this is an acute representation of negative in the world .
because this question suggests that our external world can predict our happiness , but the truth is that i can only predict 10 percent of the long-term moment of one person when i consider the entire external world .
and that &apos;s scientifically accurate for two reasons and vice versa .
we &apos;re moving people to write their computer programming , a positive email of the loom , or thank you for someone in their social environment .
hard to say -- a family problem , you understand -- my father was the most exciting man in the world .
and so i twisted . i went at mit , closed down .
they said they stopped it .
you take a huge chain of cardboard .
he was the first digital media producer in tokyo .
hear that ? like cows ? this is 4 a.m. in logan morning .
so there are all these things to do , but most of the time i love to taste the world .
and i was following that with passion .
their culture doesn &apos;t come in schools , and i want to figure out ways to overcome this problem .
that makes it nervous because girls don &apos;t want to go to schools where there are no boys .
and over little moments in my life .
or mothers who raised boys ?
we need to change attitude to boys in elementary school .
and you have the impression that you think that &apos;s okay .
let &apos;s see where this hypothesis goes .
is that a problem ? yes , a big problem .
we believe that these &quot; why &quot; questions can give evidence about the basic principles of nature .
that &apos;s what i &apos;m going to try to do at the end , and i &apos;m also excited if it works .
and that was really an important lesson for me that you can &apos;t really get into something .
for example , we built a newspaper , a normal newspaper .
it &apos;s wrapped with my ipad , and this is a software that runs on the ipad .
it &apos;s a digital sculpture , so i wanted to add an interaction system , so i put them around a approach so that people in the glass are reacting differently when you come to it .
from my current time , i &apos;m going to turn to a middle of middle ages , and then in an old man .
fifty extra allowed .
radio : what do you do ?
just fold the traces together and drive them forward .
so , let me ask you another question .
and he made a royal potato garden with walks , who had instructions , to wake him day and night , but with the secret instruction , not very good to wake him up very well .
because what they &apos;ve found is that loss of loss is loss of human behavior .
yet , we have to create a very diverse media ecosystem where you can create this kind of value , and it &apos;s also much more fair .
so if we have all of these tools available , we just have to ask ourselves the question -- and thaler and session have done this -- how we use these smarter .
you take the new cartoon of these new cartoons .
they give small , trivial adventures of all time .
i felt passion , soul and heart , had left my body .
audience : no .
sb : no , no , not without .
so , all around us , cheaper , you can find another replicator in this long-term of culture .
you probably bought them .
imagine the world full of brains and more memes than place for them all .
we are the only gene and mememachines .
i think that &apos;s the wrong approach .
that was dangerous , but hello .
they use us to reach the resource of the planet to produce more and more computers , and other amazing things we hear here at ted .
and are we going to get to this third danger of how we &apos;ve passed the second and first one ?
in collaboration with mutah -- that &apos;s the u.n. foundation in haiti -- with the ministry of public construction , with different non-governmental organizing , we inspected more than 1,500 buildings .
it won &apos;t cost us anymore if we do it right . &quot;
and because i had burning 70 percent of my body , it took about an hour .
we also found that it would have been good , i would have given me through prooms to recover from pain .
and how bad would that be if i got caught ?
it wasn &apos;t that the religious people -- the people who were wandering more commandments -- had less cheating , and that the less religious -- those who couldn &apos;t remind to almost any store -- had more cheating .
so if you don &apos;t think of money for a few seconds because you get a brand , does it make a difference ?
here &apos;s the thing .
i think that all of these forces have very bad effects on the stone market .
but you can believe me . i work in the workforce .
these are the harmony that i can show you today .
and suddenly amazon becomes the brand and competing with the nobel bank , defining how you want to spend your money , which is money and what it does .
maybe that seems too big a jump ?
i don &apos;t have to explain it to the audience -- last week , i had to explain it to my nine-year-old -- peers are structures that transport sperm from one individual to another .
and i knew that animals like the rainworm here , or even most animals don &apos;t stabilize their tissues by spinning them over bones .
and that was that every hydrostatic skeleton that we found until dato in nature , had the same regulation .
all i showed that was really surprised by this .
a funny song about global warming , jill sobule .
well , i must now .
all right , ok .
do we want to play a piece ?
contagion , self-esteem and self-sufficiency ; are the benefits of a great education .
the mirror community flew out of it , and ben became a media celebrity .
the other thing is , what is the area of this character ?
i was forced to leave my home to leave the democratic republic of congo where i was a student .
but remarkablely , the world &apos;s environment program has estimated the wealth of the country for over 24 trillion dollars .
but we &apos;re not the goal yet .
you have to get very low-cost .
but couldn &apos;t it be done for that angle of labor market ?
they asked by the governments for supporting resources , and in many cases they also got them .
but suppose our goal would be to bring new economic action to the basis of the pyramid .
because they needed a whole bunch of these little transactions to make their profits .
he liked sitting on her lap because he said it was painful for him to be in his own bed .
since 1920 , sir arthur tattoo and the british society sustained for science properties that the sun seems to be shining .
so , what is fusion ? here &apos;s some kernphysics .
and that energy is the fusion of fusion .
it &apos;s about as high as traditional power stations .
we have to make it to a power station .
but it &apos;s the largest arab country , and it &apos;s also a huge influence .
and they wanted the democracy to most of them , but they were all the countries who were most likely to have their opinions in the last month of a official -- it was only four percent .
but the expectations of people for their future are struggling .
so the question is going to be , &quot; what fuels male support for women &apos;s rights ? &quot;
i promise you , she read the message .
no one can tell you , they &apos;re just sending a text .
you could see the immediate effects of law , or a hunting talk on a microscope and see what happens as a result .
the flight took 12 seconds and went over 35 feet .
this is unnatural for a rocket .
it weighs less than a a-a-battery battery .
in the smallest side of the city , they are forces of nature &apos;s storms .
we can afford an individual contributor in it as individuals .
we believe that someone else , someone smarter , someone enable , someone with more resources is going to solve this problem .
we didn &apos;t go to the pacific .
it took 10 full prototypes until we had something that really flew .
and so there &apos;s this incredible light on one side that &apos;s possible , which is possible , and these disturbing serious things that it means .
and let &apos;s think about our moral cheap .
and the director was pretty embarrassing , and told me that he gave me a crazy thing , and he said to me , &quot; this place is a distinguished . these guys are severe germs .
it needed several of these events until i figured out what to do .
when i started this program four years ago , my original plan was to create a team of underdog .
and they go down to yokneam , and everything is so small and tiny .
i feel blessed and happy that 15 years ago i had the courage to give up my post at nyu and go back to my homeland , where i can make these incredible trips with this group of ethiopia , morocco and russia .
and how often would my self have to die before i understood that it didn &apos;t exist from the beginning ?
and i was a really good dancer .
oddly enough , these insights are not my faith of self-esteem , that sense of otherness .
that was because i didn &apos;t have one myself , which was between .
imagine what kind of existence we could have when we honor the inevitable death of ourselves , valuing the privilege of life and paying attention to what &apos;s next .
and this is a cafe on the ocean in britain .
but instead of looking at this , we focused on the workplace .
we also discovered that as an efficient structure and an efficient way to get through this structure .
but what we found was that seeds -- this really important project , is just instead -- but that seeds -- in the leading botanical gardens , they don &apos;t have seeds .
we worked with an art asian manufacturer to develop a mini version of the seed cathedral so that even if you &apos;re visually impaired so it was kind of neat and soft , the piece of landscape you see here .
it &apos;s actually just the first few stories that you perceive , and the rest is just for postcards .
the book is carrying the title &quot; the blank slate , &quot; which is the popular notion that the human mind is a blank slate , and all its structure of its socialization , culture , education and experience .
well , there &apos;s a number of political reasons that you enjoy people well .
it &apos;s still not clear whether these generals are threatened , but the data seemed to be supported .
another one of the minds and art sciences at universities that are actually in decline in many ways .
now , the other hot iron is parenting .
and i think you can &apos;t say this at all better .
i &apos;m also calling pants , just like jux , and they don &apos;t like it , but they confirm it .
there &apos;s no script , there &apos;s no script ; there &apos;s no nonsense .
he says , &quot; a day . &quot;
i don &apos;t like what i think right now . &quot;
oh , i live in a computer program -- that &apos;s strange .
so i wondered what would happen if we challenge some of these holy flowers .
right ?
it &apos;s the following -- we &apos;ve explained the war , as a society , every one of us .
their iphone without the people who make the same skin , the same circuits , the same keyboard , over and over again .
and then it became driverful and thicker and now it &apos;s 886 pages long .
and i said to brian : &quot; what did tony do ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; is it true that you &apos;ve fake yourself in here ? &quot;
but how do you sit in a mental way ?
so all of these things that are most normal published at tony , proof for that , is that he was in this new kind of crazy way .
he came in the tribal businesses , and he went 30 percent of the workemployed , transformed american cities just like this .
and i added , &quot; i have a list of psychopathic features in my pocket .
and the jewelry are always the most extreme aspects of the personalities of the question .
anyway , that was two years ago , and that &apos;s where my book ended .
in fact , the trend went to the rest of the world .
and as a result of these arguments , it &apos;s very , very hard to say , for everybody , very hard to say , i &apos;m going to show the true islam . &quot;
it may be that a big war between east and west has been driven , and that it needed democracy against communism .
and even though the president has met it from political tactical reasons , very , very well , to say islam is not the enemy , there is none of the time to call a natural impulse at war , the other side as an
when the treasure treasure in 2000 sank , you just saw the peak of the best fingers that scientists had ever described for african penguins at this point as an endangered species .
and the day after we arrived , two of us were performed with the visitors of space 2 , and space 2 took more than 4,000 with oil over 4,000 oiled penguins .
we &apos;ve used this method in treasure rescue again .
and this is really important because the african penguin was explained a year ago to an endangered species .
at the corid row railway , at the station station station , in front of a health center , in the backyard and even before the police station .
people are open to food history .
we launched this campaign -- very amusing -- called every egg .
this is not a second class training .
these teachers appealed to undisciplinary , abstract .
hillel asked himself to a leg and said , &quot; the thing you hate is that you don &apos;t have your neighbors . that &apos;s the tort . the rest is comment .
now , that &apos;s not the whole story .
and achilles takes hector mixes and he &apos;s careful about his father , and the two men look at each other and recognizes each other as divine .
this is a view of the cells that really moved me into biology and science , looking at living cells in the microscope .
every grain of sand is about a tenth of a millimeter .
you can see these microfinance .
this picture was the beginning of x-ray .
we all look out at the same time , believe me .
the walls are from 700 millimeter dick , solid concrete .
and the on the left is an x-ray .
it has human associations .
in x-ray , we see all the little surplus in the corners .
i had to go out the middle of the car , for some really simple task .
yes , you &apos;ve given 12 monkeys for a week of code , and after this week , they just used it as a toilet .
the science actually says that we will live forever .
no , i &apos;m looking for a tooth .
for me , it &apos;s a very , very important thing .
thank you very much . again .
how do we know that it &apos;s wrong ? maybe we don &apos;t agree .
not professor and conjudictions , only two spirits , ready to philosophy .
and then my life was fine .
all i saw in the manufacturing was that there were right strands between the complains between the virtue and the hunter-gatherer collectors .
would it be time to process information ?
we spent a lot of time doing a billion dollars of business -- they &apos;re actually listening to a billion dollars of oil business that was involved , and what we found was shocking , but more than that later .
then there &apos;s dan etete .
we were shattered that these shell companies were raping their accurate values , and the most important in london was able to benefit a lot of it .
that &apos;s too complex and hard to change it .
we &apos;re all going to die . we &apos;re all going to get old . we &apos;re going to get all the sick . people leave us .
there are places that you can &apos;t go to , thoughts that you can &apos;t think , the worlds that you can &apos;t relate to .
they have a wildity and a freedom that i think is the foundation of a new paradigm .
she made the decision to get no lawn or glass , but dedicate her life that this is not happening to any other girl .
we are all refugees .
but you take this thing down to your head , and then it &apos;s happening .
but you don &apos;t . &quot;
i miss michael .
he didn &apos;t find that , his collaborator button and said , &quot; you go to rehab , or you &apos;re going to fire and die . &quot;
ahh ! we meet them , the home loved ones . let &apos;s pull out .
when it &apos;s on the box , which is the opposite , it forms it .
the characteristics that are a word of child &apos;s word of child &apos;s words are so often to see that we should be able to get this old regenerating word when it comes to criticizing behavior that is associated with responsible and irrational thinking
if i get the ability to pay my sister &apos;s ability to pay 10 percent of the interest that i &apos;ve spent on your last loan , i &apos;m going to rest your ability to get more money from me until she paid it back .
it &apos;s why we don &apos;t live in the dark times anymore .
and the third is all the sound we create people , the anthropology .
this is after selective falling .
there are a lot of the sounds of sounds , including the way animals taught us to dance and sing singing for another time .
so that was extremely embarrassing .
and if you wonder how much that is , this ebay logo here is 16 kb .
so 37 is our demographic .
it &apos;s very impressive and a very beautiful concert .
and these are the issues that are actually the heart of us .
one generation that gets so much more meaningful from video games than in the real world .
these are all problems beyond me .
i &apos;m not sure what the future of video games means for our civilization .
end ! end . that &apos;s it .
he would love that really well .
so , you get quickly from simple to complex if you make more power . we like that .
and then you looked at them , and it was constantly -- i thought it was at least a long time before it explained to me that it was to determine something so that you think .
let it drive in the other direction .
girl : there was a bullet and a pollution because it &apos;s two completely different wings , and if you fall them in the same way , maybe you &apos;ll fall fast .
but we could not train a thousand new teachers to save our lives .
and it depends on the world . &quot;
at the end of the day , we &apos;re going to change ourselves just like we &apos;ve changed the world around us .
this is going to have incredible implications .
why do they do what they do ?
everybody would want the new version .
they make us feel too much .
you &apos;re actually going to cheat over that moment .
i &apos;m going to give back to his words right now in order .
&quot; well , yes , &quot; i said , &quot; strange that you ask that .
she says , &quot; you don &apos;t need to do that again . &quot;
and we looked at that , and i was grateful because she just said , &quot; wow ! that &apos;s amazing . &quot;
the goal of the project is very simple .
this is completely personalized medicine at top .
now the answer is a multidisciplinary team .
i work with the imperative and the borderton , which made some serious problems on the project , problems that should not have .
there are so many people in medicine that don &apos;t want change , just right , if an engineered engineer has the answer .
you can &apos;t find novel solutions that have not been seen , and it &apos;s very fast and simple .
yeah , good , you guys get my life out of my life because traffgeses are around , from beautiful round shape .
no , but it &apos;s true : the internet changed the world .
you know the story .
and i met the dozens .
and i didn &apos;t require them to draw nice cartoons .
thank you .
so , &quot; our lone earth , &quot; a lot of people brought me on the meeting with the audience .
we &apos;ve still got a lot of time for the existence of animals on this planet than they &apos;ve been here until we reach the second microbial era .
its impact is the distribution of this very thin surface layer over the entire planet , and we had a very delicate death of dinosaurs , the death of these beautiful geography , poverty control here , and chimecasia is going on and so on
it &apos;s the supreme wing of his time , the t.t. rex .
they hate us animals .
this is when material comes from the depths of the earth and the surface is moving across the surface of the planet .
i &apos;m 130,000 from the coast of the coast , what &apos;s going to happen to me ?
they have a crash . they have two options : they &apos;re going to die , or they take the hydrogen sulfide , and we say 75 percent of them will save , mental .
pm : bless and scar .
some of them are countries that are thinking that deregulation or no regulation is the best way to employ investment to promote trade .
and the answer is simple : the chinese define these factories as chemical operations , not as a pharmaceutical , and don &apos;t check them .
i don &apos;t know what we can do , but i can use my office to get them all together to create a solution . &quot;
you need a safe environment .
now , we have the impression that it &apos;s the beginning of a new way of regulation of international task .
human rights becomes a very simple question : can i give this person back to his dignity ?
or finding the boy who started the fire at the beginning to see if you can change it . &quot;
okay , ready ? go .
i was fire and flame .
again , we saw the spoken word poetry walls .
after the fight , he shocked his nav , cloud white hair and said , &quot; you &apos;re a god . &apos; no , and you &apos;re the god . &quot;
i travel a lot when i teach , and i don &apos;t always get to see how my students reach their third step , but i had the fortune of charlotte to see that their journey evolved as they did .
my parents called me sarah what a biblical name is .
i want to talk about some ideas that have driven me to become a documentary .
when i saw that the war for everyone was such incredibly benign consequences , and that the journalism could actually become a factor in conflict resolution , i wanted to be a photographer to be a war photographer .
in south africa , after nelson mandela had been released from prison , the black population had the last phase of liberal liberation in apartheid .
the next day i went to rwanda , and it was like i went into the hell in the hell .
after the fall of gravity in indonesia , i began to explore the conditions of poverty in a country that was on the way to modernization .
a hospital of the doctors without boundaries in a refugee camp .
war medicine has become so efficient that the percentage of the soldiers survive that survive in that war much higher than in any other in our history .
to ensure that as little as possible can run , we have all these procedures in choice .
so you pick these things .
but this is a wide and quite difficult topic , so i had to limit myself .
the size of the population -- there &apos;s big china here , big india .
and in all eastern religions , but japan was the same .
because the death of a child is compatible with another child .
and what is in qatar ?
they have a great teacher .
all religions in the world are able to keep their values and adapt to this new world .
and then , like all of our generation , we lived in a himalayas .
day eight .
in india alone , my 150,000 best friends and i from door to the door with this same picture , on every single house in india . we did over a billion homework visit .
this is the surveillance system .
i asked them -- they &apos;re all harvard biologists -- and i asked them those questions that they would ask to them .
i think we owe the gaphin , and ron st. john , john st. john , i hope ron is somewhere in the audience -- over here -- he &apos;s the founder of gaphin .
larry brilliant : first of all , aren &apos;t you angry about the injury of copyright ?
there &apos;s a climate change built , &quot; the climate group . &quot;
why should we have a positive impact on the world , in the world , as a company ?
they save 85 percent electricity with a led that they used with an old light bulb .
sometimes people think 100 percent will be pretty hard , and we had this conversation in the company .
they pay a solar panels in seven or eight years .
of our 17,000 managers in entire ikea today today , 47 percent women , but that &apos;s not enough , and we want to close this gap and follow that way to high management .
there was an equation in my family , like this : if you &apos;re intelligent , you &apos;re not spiritual .
this , &quot; he wrote , &quot; is the linked structure of reality . &quot;
someone who &apos;s scared her attitude or giving you steam out of his ears .
at the end of our lunch , we realized the openness of the others .
like , i would go back to bangalore , and i often go back to living discussions in my friends , where we discussed various topics , and complaining about the new turtles , where a drink costs a lot more than
he &apos;s looking for forgiveness , and claiming that he wants to improve the lives of his child soldiers .
this continent seemed pretty happy to be very happy , and it had not been killed any deaths , even dozens of peace soldiers have been killed in liberia .
and how are we responsible for that ?
it &apos;s worrying -- not ? -- that the media of the world makes such a bad job that a small group of activists is able to publish more of this information than the rest of the world press together .
j yeah . this was the title page in the guardian , and it was then printed around kenya around kenya , in the tanzania and south african press .
j the impact of the people who worked on it were significant .
and there &apos;s a lot of information .
i would just be interested in what we &apos;ve heard about -- i &apos;m curious about the ted audience .
and we said , &quot; oh , tell us more .
so you &apos;re careful with the term of hackers .
and only one month ago , this was all passed from the icelandic parliament .
and from all those numbers , i start with only two or three variables .
this piece here can be read very differently , depending on where you can do it .
first of all , i read about it at a doctor &apos;s office , which took place between the doctors for responsible medicine and seven fast food restaurants .
so , according to this study , the best preparation for a chicken is not to let you down , but you don &apos;t leave it too long , until it becomes black , and a marine of quotation , brown sugar or saltwater .
and then the next summer i worked under the head of dr. basins at the bottom of the state in fort word , texas .
and this insight is incredible for the efficiency of chemotherapy , maybe for many different cancers .
for example , flat-source organic pollutants are chemical pollutants that are found in our schools , in our schools and the workplace .
because all of these solutions are , of course , they are sustainable , and they are long-term investment -- long-term investment for our generation and for the following generations .
and immediately , a voice called &quot; kararoo ! &quot;
after the conference , people came up to me , men and women .
hard !
a prosthetic is no longer a need for needing a lack .
we &apos;re all different from different perspectives .
i was in the beijing of the olympics .
about 80 percent of this microbloggers are young people , under 30 .
and they are most unemployment , inflation , attached to the banks of banks , empowerment of the limb , for revenue of europe and america of the products that they produce .
they have a kind of tools that they can eat on a piece of chicken or fish , and it looks like beef .
people think about these questions : are we going to move our environment further for higher gps ?
there &apos;s nothing to eat up there , but the conditions were ideals for frustration .
now , the series hasn &apos;t even gone out there , so you &apos;re the first to see this .
mars similar to mars as the earth seems to be as harmful .
sousa was afraid that we lose the opportunity to lose the hell of these , quote &quot; hells . &quot; they would take them .
but much more importantly , bmi was able to use available works of available works to generate new arrogance that they spent free for their customers , and then in 1940 , as an adaptation of the fee , the majority of the
and i ...
so for the same thing that i &apos;m involved in , i &apos;m trying to be a good liberal , of course , to demand some of the government , a mistake , isn &apos;t it ?
this insight is incredibly crucial , terribly damaged .
okay , i don &apos;t want to alert anybody here , but i &apos;ve just noticed that the person on the right is a liar right next to you .
&quot; honey , you don &apos;t look at fat , no . &quot;
but another study showed that strangers three times within the first 10 minutes of their gang lie .
here &apos;s koko with his kittens .
i &apos;ll say it again .
no , liars don &apos;t look at you in the eyes .
we say , &quot; yes , &quot; while we shake your head .
science has brought a lot more indicators into daylight .
look right at that , and you &apos;re going to see the vertical smile in the whole video .
in this much louder world , it can be meaningful for us to become a little more german in terms of our moral rules .
and that &apos;s not true right now , isn &apos;t it ?
you know , we often think that language reflects the world that we live in , but that &apos;s not true .
so what here as a extinction , if not tragic joke about harry , is being ficted as ethnic heights .
six months after that , without any explanation , they left me free .
that &apos;s what i &apos;m interested in .
when i was 10 , i read james soon &quot; antony country , &quot; and i was broke on this book .
a new song suggested to you .
so i took some time to study coke .
and in the remote areas of africa , it &apos;s hard to find a good street .
how do you incentivize based on the impact that you &apos;re doing on these remote villages ?
sounds not as pleasant as &quot; wave flag . &quot;
they &apos;re waiting to be cut .
many more people have been replaced .
today i &apos;m going to tell you two things : first of which we &apos;ve lost , and second , how we relate to it .
here you can see the largest part of the ocean area of florida keyst .
if there &apos;s no fisheries on a reef , because it &apos;s quite protected , or divorced , it &apos;s great .
after a couple of years , after five to seven years , the fish come back , eat the eggs , and then the algae grow again .
you can see the limits of protected areas , because there are boats all coming together .
if it &apos;s so good , how much is it so simple ?
so the protection of the coast and the oceans have become a sensitivity to the money of governments and philanthropic institutions , and that &apos;s not acceptable .
in the coral reefs , we &apos;ve found that the pyramid is the equivalent of the server where five lions come on a gut .
okay , enriching , thank you for sharing part of your spiritual experience . thank you .
it turns out to be the longest creature in the ocean .
they come to the submersible -- they come to the window with their eyes and watch the submersible .
in other words , we &apos;re trying with our partners at woods hole , this virtual world -- this world , this unexplored field -- to get into the lab .
bl : these worms don &apos;t have any recycling system . they don &apos;t have a mouth .
what we &apos;ve seen was from the pacific .
we &apos;re going to try to show you the pacific century .
these worms grow several centimeters a week .
the concept of conflict is purple .
and the rest of them are searching by the formula that they can apply in the situation .
they also have mathematical structure that speaks from rays , measurements , labels , dots , axes , etc .
students have to exercise these . they have to form them .
and the best thing , or one of the best parts , is that we don &apos;t get the answer from the answer at the end of the teacher .
now , what happened to the small hadron collider ?
here you find the fastest growing young population around the globe .
it &apos;s private schools . there are no government schools in the slums .
this is a computer that was installed on its slum by a revolutionary social entrepreneur called sugata mitra , who took the radical experiments , which showed that children can learn under certain conditions , even by help with a computer .
well , the key is motivation , in two ways .
this is a school in a bus in a bus in pune , the fastest growing city of asia .
you should turn it into mcdonald &apos;s .
there &apos;s formal framework , schools , high schools , hospitals where innovation can happen , and informal environments , communities , families , family , social networks .
every child to the age of 15 , which wants to have a place in a school , will be able to get one .
and as i look at him , this scene is coming to tears to tears to tears , and i &apos;ve been carrying around for 25 years .
here &apos;s probably a few parents of teenagers ? all right , we &apos;re going to cook for you -- and it &apos;s going to eat every night for two , three or four . it &apos;s ridiculous .
it &apos;s going all over and over and over and over .
these gay , people like me want to be treated as a full citizen , and it &apos;s right before our nose .
there &apos;s people who have to be afraid of their job , so they don &apos;t show who they are , here at home . it &apos;s not just about north carolina ; in all states without free , it &apos;s legal .
think about that .
and i was scared .
about three years ago , i read an article in the new york times .
who were my grandparents ?
it helps us become what we could have .
that &apos;s how evolution works .
and in fact , here &apos;s this insect .
i &apos;d smell one of these earlier .
it doesn &apos;t only warm at 43 to 44 degrees c for about two days , but hold a constant temperature .
but the contrast will be in something like that . it &apos;s coming out of front of the background .
here the americans beat the russians , and yes , it was -- actually -- a game .
she started to tell me about this , and all the parents here will recognize the keys .
i have an ironic prehistory .
our lives are determined by data , and the presentation of this data is for us to create fantastic interfaces that can tell great stories .
i &apos;ve also thrown a look at the different style , because you can choose what you would like to highlight from the data set .
it &apos;s a blind man sitting in the box and controlling this chess game .
a collection of about 11 sheep per hour , which is a school wage of 68 cents .
in the reason , you can -- what you see on the left is the original , and on the right-hand side , you see the flesh as it was interpreted by 16 people who had no idea what they were doing .
daisy bell : daisy , daisy ... aonon kbins : and we took all these pieces and we &apos;re going to put them into another mechanical turkish question .
but we knew that , definitely , we needed the right person to put ourselves behind that , and we could build something .
and under all of these individual faces that people have on the project .
thank you .
so i made a push of pictures , cut , and put them together in portliit .
so an unpredictable consequence of this is that there is always one part of its picture , and that leads to a very free construction building .
and sometimes i have emotional response to news , like the earthquake in haiti 2010 .
then i walked 50 miles , then 60 miles .
it &apos;s like the different layers we &apos;re made of , and what we present to the world as our identity .
another glass project is in a public library in san jose , california .
so every building has its own personality .
it &apos;s perhaps easier than ever before to get a good outcome .
i don &apos;t think we &apos;re special .
it &apos;s just too weird .
you know , at the middle age , in england , if you met someone who was very poor , you called this unhappy , literally , somebody who was lucky , the fate , the destiny : a unfortunate .
and that &apos;s going to take it at the youngest court with angels and trumpet , and the sky will open .
i then told them the action of madame bovy .
what i think i really talked about is success and failure .
we should make sure that it &apos;s ours that we are really the creators of our own attendance .
alain de botton : a friendly , marvelous success phenomenon
if you train for that sport , you don &apos;t smile .
you know , you &apos;re swimming with accelerated goggles , and you &apos;re swimming 60 trains per minute , so you &apos;re never really focused on something , you don &apos;t look good .
they showed up in the liquid .
my breath is down on three breaths the minute .
they should worry about me ; i didn &apos;t make any of them .
i swam with this thing .
it &apos;s the only swim that i &apos;m interested in .
this is already today .
the gateway can be a smartphone , or it could be a specifically intense gateway , like now many of these things are special gps , because they &apos;re not so integrated .
many of you have got the phillips direct life .
this is an important part of our life . we &apos;re supposed to sleep a third of our lives .
ok . let &apos;s go from sleep to diseases now .
so we can change medicine in care , in all the age groups , from early europe or insurance children to the seniors ; the pharmaceutical arena changes ; the entire spectrum of the disease -- i hope to give you a
so , i hope i &apos;ve convinced you -- the effects on the hospital reserves are enormous and the effects of diseases are also impressive in all of these different diseases and more .
how do we make robust societies ? longevity .
and in the novel , a certain named alvin is created , and he says , maybe that &apos;s not the best way , and destroy the whole system .
and so there wouldn &apos;t be any work to be done .
and it &apos;s a great thing .
lowest should be faster .
you might wonder how we make these slides .
ours is the only cookbook in the world where part differentiation is happening .
this is the finished hamburger .
a talk about surgical robots is still a talk about surgery .
and surgeons were more business people than doctors .
but ultimately the wake up .
they had to put their intuitive motions with the instruments .
i told you about the big , complicated robot .
and as you can see , it &apos;s coming out to do something useful at all , that &apos;s not going to stay there .
and we don &apos;t even have to rely on these mailroads .
we &apos;re here to talk about accidents .
but we had a problem .
okay , well , it was my fault .
we haven &apos;t just shown that bacteria can be the solution for plastic waste , but also that the openness is toward uncertain arithmetic , and enabled by risks of unexpected discoveries .
the film we &apos;re going to see are made for the world exhibition in new york .
i &apos;m not there .
it continued . they always tried to make things better .
they didn &apos;t say , &quot; our style are curves . let &apos;s make the house curve . &quot;
i think in my family , we were very lucky , because we &apos;ve learned design backwards .
dusk , very good !
ed : and then embodiment row is really a historical beetle , because in the kymaerica story , the paris in the kymaerica story here took its beginning where the message was .
you see that chair there ? the orange one ? this is the organ chairs . 1940 .
because it &apos;s part of where we want to come .
they were scared full of resistance . they were full of speculation . they were anecantic . they were not an solid information .
one of them is known : the population explosion . the world population has gone from two to almost seven billion people over the last 50 years .
brent lawson : being nice here
you can see the lines are crossing when the population explosion is happening .
now , before i talk about the cost , i have to realize it &apos;s very clear .
this is actually what liberation looks like .
but only recently we can , thank you for technical progress , the quantum levitation and the quantum locking .
first of all , some of the strands of magnetic field are caught in the inside , but the superconductor doesn &apos;t like it when they move , because their movements are using energy and disturbing the substance .
i can also expand these round magnets to form a popular gate .
and it was inspired by this quote from douglas adams . the situation is made of the gap of the galaxy .
because of course , it doesn &apos;t explain how to do that when you want to make it yourself and not have a melting .
but even though they didn &apos;t believe it , they said , &quot; okay , we call back . &quot; you never did .
ts : yes , i did .
as some people will say , &quot; what &apos;s going to happen when moore &apos;s law is on his border ? &quot;
today they can buy half a billion , and they &apos;re even better because they &apos;re faster .
but where are we going to preserve the software ?
larry page gave a passionate speech on our green event , where he proved to ask this great challenges of humanity .
they wanted to catch the fish .
this may sound insignificant , but it &apos;s incredibly scary to hear the many rumors that another limb , bigger than the last , to get exactly 13 , or maybe today or maybe ...
so the tsunami can be seen as a kind of breakthrough moment , a moment where the blogosphere was kind of grown up .
they &apos;re probably going from three to five percent of the number of jellyfish in the glass , and it would be better than 90 to 95 percent of you .
somebody has linked something , so others also link , etc . , etc .
he &apos;s sending his reference , and i &apos;m waiting for an 300 pounds of paper packages of paper with direct plans , but he &apos;s just saying , &quot; that &apos;s all i want you to do . &quot;
so , i &apos;m going to leave you with 30 seconds of this thing without the skin of the thing .
this habitat covers more of the earth &apos;s surface than any other living room together .
many of us , i &apos;m locked in , think that the exploitation of the oceans only has been really serious in the last 50 or maybe 100 years .
these on a wireless flood vehicles are our eyes and hands for work on the sea floor .
so there &apos;s a barcode on this product that tells the computer exactly what the product is .
but i want to share with you some of my favorite discoveries of census .
we don &apos;t know why they do that , we just don &apos;t know .
this graph is based on a brand new article called plos biology .
but that &apos;s not all there yet .
as an architect , i have something to confront .
mitchell joaturim : don &apos;t build a house , grow it !
i find this very interesting and very active , because what you &apos;ve heard in the last few days is the sense of going in different directions : directions that are specific and unique for the problems .
now , we all think that sheety was a big romantic poet , many of us forgotten that he wrote some wonderful estimates , and the most famous essay is one called &quot; a defense of poetry . &quot;
i &apos;m going to read to you that .
and at a certain time of his life , they &apos;re going to put themselves on rocks .
but let me show you the latest robotic technology .
if you used to do , before the digital radio , the radio computer , and you heard &quot; crackkk &quot; on the wish that was that noise .
the basic idea of bayesian incentives is that you have two sources of information where the conclusions are wrong .
that means that i have to make predictions about the future .
well , there &apos;s a very clear example of where one of my productive sensors feels completely different than if he had been produced by another person .
and in the meantime , i got two daughters .
so they didn &apos;t know the rules for which the other person is playing .
if these dots were cars on an elite line , they would have no idea what was going on .
what we &apos;ve shown is that we can explain a large part of the data -- people actually plan their movements right to mimic the negative consequences of noise .
this is from the end of marine iv .
mars has the largest dissection of the solar system , which is the hero of hero .
this is my favorite picture . it just took a couple of weeks ago .
the oldest stone on earth is only 3.6 billion .
and the result of our gate was a rocket robot robot robot called arars .
we fold it up , and we transport it in a space vehicle .
this is about tilook , oregon .
i think on the packaging , let &apos;s see here -- &quot; eight to 12 . &quot;
and there was a guy who sold these weapons for legos because legos -- no , they &apos;re not on guns .
and then there are some examples , these things are actual sculptures .
i have to tell you , for me , everything had changed everything .
perhaps most importantly , the impact on other companies is enormous .
in fact , politics is highest pregnant .
in brazil now , there are 29,000 ethanols , whereas the u.s. owns only 700 , and poorly two in california , and within three years the percentage of flexible supplies are up to 85 percent .
this is not uncommon . biomaterials are really big .
scientists explain to us -- and these are just estimates -- that we have to cut the expense of greenhouse gases , and as quickly as possible .
i can &apos;t wait to see what tedsters do to the crisis .
there are fewer people who are still available that you could put in , and then you get this loop of the curve , and you get this classic signature curve .
b is on the edge of the network .
and this happens at every extreme nodes .
the red dots are going to be flu cases , and the yellow dots are going to be friends of the people with flu .
would you get immunity to populations ?
and there are , i think , three ways that this massive data can be used .
the building was built in construction until the veneolan economy , and the death of the developers at the beginning of the 1990s .
even though it seems to be a completely chaotic place , when you see it from the top , there seems to be a whole web of water and channels that connect every single house .
in this tradition , the future brief is all of its ownership that you &apos;re soon going to get your new husband .
what a place like the torore david is particularly remarkable is this kind of skeleton , where people have a basis that they can use .
we can only ask , &quot; what are the animals of santa claus ? &quot; and they immediately experience it -- or what we want to ask otherwise .
it has replaced the workers through technology .
you can see some symbols on the left on the screen showing what &apos;s going on with his right arm .
they &apos;re older , and they &apos;re getting older .
or even if we get far older to drive our cars so that we can visit people .
they were gone at a moment .
it became more obvious that we can &apos;t win .
the two specialists behind the curtain will help me bring the result on the screen .
one of the journalists said , &quot; what &apos;s going on ? &quot;
the diagrams have come up , just like jewish sites .
i think there are some , actually , a lot of reasons , but here &apos;s just some of the reasons we focus on .
he was beaten by the flames , he hunged her , he was like a motor for light , a little bit of an adrenaline junkie .
let me go from door to door to the international community and see if you give any police officers or troops for this division .
but for sergio it was too late .
he saw her .
shaman power : a complicated hero of hero
this means jobs and possibilities of total value chain .
but today , i &apos;m going to talk about the benefits of food because it was actually this year , last year and 2008 during the famine crisis , for every 2.0 kilos of calories .
and i go in these stores , if you &apos;re there , or you &apos;re out into the fields to see what you can get , and i &apos;m stuck , you can &apos;t get food .
we see changes of participation in schools by girls .
i want to talk about something i call digital food .
and what i found is that instead of investing in subsidies and other things , they invest in a school program .
thank you .
we could do the same thing in cancer .
they won &apos;t go to a breast cancer clinic anymore .
it &apos;s not abstract ; it &apos;s interaction with the environment .
it &apos;s an amazing device , not because it shows me how many kilograms i use every day , but because it monitors 24 hours what i do .
this has never been shown .
the power power of these magnets is so big that we can see a single neutron with this technology .
you don &apos;t have to shrink the tumor .
if the magnet is big enough , and the resolution enough , you can actually demonstrate all the proteins in the body and start to understand the individual system .
most of us find this comfortable , and interestingly , 12 vibrations per minute are about the breath frequency of a sleep .
for example , if i took this -- -- longer than a couple of seconds , they would feel uncomfortable ; longer than a couple of minutes , and they would leave the hall in shit .
that &apos;s what everybody recognized . and that &apos;s the tune that &apos;s most common to hear in the world .
and i stood there with two very good friends of mine , richard web and kevin valley .
while we cross miles and miles of hawaii -- frozen ice snow , frozen ice .
like i &apos;m standing here and talking to you , i went over about five years of about five years .
just 10 miles before the coast , and at 38 feet depth .
the oceans determine climate and weather , they keep the temperature stable and form the chemistry of the world .
one-way travel there is easy ...
that &apos;s the result if you don &apos;t know that there is limits for what we can take the oceans .
for example , over the past three years , the united states formed about 880,000 square kilometers of sea as a national morality .
we need deep sea boats , new technologies to study the ocean .
most of my early career , i wanted to figure out how the wing of insects generate enough force to keep themselves in the air .
let &apos;s study this notion of simplicity .
this is a beautiful picture of the visual interneure of a mouse from jeff lightman &apos;s lab , and you can see the wonderful pictures of brains that he showed in his talk .
they select an trace to make any behavior , another neuroscientist has another trace and pattern , and you can think that this works in a very complicated system .
our mission is to build a detail and realistic computer model of the human brain .
he &apos;s home and drinking tea .
if you look closer to the surface of the neocortex , you realize that it &apos;s from louder little components . it &apos;s 55 processors like in a computer .
how many per typical tree are there ? where are they placed ?
we can look at the tissue . and we can change neurons .
we can upload all these neurons , each one in its own processor , turn it , see what happens .
henny marcraam says that the secrets of the brain can be solved soon . mental illness , memory , perception : they &apos;re made of neurons and electrical signals , and he &apos;s planning to find a supercomputer that modeled the brain with 100,000
it would be necessary two or three thousand bombs .
the air force started building smaller models , and i started this .
this is what nasa did to get an eight-man-old version that would fly to mars .
i &apos;ll tell you a little bit about irrational behavior .
it &apos;s a fantastic time to write , because there &apos;s so much resonance that you can get from people .
the bottom ? yellow .
when you ask people this question , they usually think it &apos;s something about culture .
the countries on the right-hand side , those who give a lot , have a slightly different form of form .
i &apos;ll give you another example of this .
but getting it back , gets more complex at once .
an online abgo for 59 dollars .
the general idea here , by the way , is that we don &apos;t really know our profiles so well .
in medical terms , this is our view .
and radio waves are limited .
infrared -- you can only use your eyes with low energy .
their intensity can be varied very quickly , and it can be turned out very quickly .
they &apos;re critical .
but that &apos;s just by the way .
cars have led lights and lethal reserves and can communicate with each other and can communicate through the date of light with the cars and so on .
dna is what life is about .
it &apos;s actually not that many data .
you give the chemist his genome , and the power of this is a proven medicine that &apos;s better than today -- it has no side effects .
he &apos;s really simple -- only 246 genes -- but we could completely synthesize it .
we &apos;re not running as small organisms alone in the world , but part of a big ecosystem .
the consequences can be bad -- if we poison ourselves or the earth -- but that &apos;s just the result of one of us made mistakes .
now , i &apos;m basically here because there &apos;s a kind of buried in dog training at the moment that we have on one side of people who think that you get a dog , first by making rules , human rules .
they &apos;re just so &quot; stribar , &quot; just beat it . and that &apos;s why they &apos;re beating .
no , we make &quot; waps , sit . &quot; &quot; boom , he can try it after six to 10 .
they &apos;re like gold rewarf .
and i would say if she doesn &apos;t need to be , then she shouldn &apos;t be it .
not just with the worlds , but also with the rest of the family .
these relationships are so simple .
their children are easy to train .
wk : i want to make a windmill .
so , and this windmill -- does it work ?
wk : yeah . i &apos;m still thinking about working with energy .
because even though i &apos;ve used scientific terms in songs , sometimes it &apos;s very hard to sound them lynic .
and even rarer when it &apos;s accompanied by self-awareness and language masters , like in my case .
one is a white flashlight .
64 with 75 multiply with .
let &apos;s look at the third question .
the desert deserves a mile or two a year .
the homo erectus provided the same tool over 30,000 generations .
you can teach them in the lab a little bit of trade , and there is actually an regeneration in other animals , but the exchange of one object never happens to another .
it &apos;s the wealth , in the satisfaction of your needs , saving time .
we &apos;ve reached that as a species .
but there &apos;s no evidence for that .
and when people started fighting objects like this far , it was a clue that an exchange between groups existed .
but who knows how to make a computer mouse ?
but that &apos;s also because of the connections that people have , and that never existed in the way that ideas have been , and i &apos;m sure that technology continues to continue and therefore the living standards are going to continue to improve .
it &apos;s as high as a 42-digit building . i &apos;ve added the freedom of freedom here as a comparison .
we don &apos;t talk about that , we don &apos;t take it seriously .
they &apos;re just gone , these feelings , they have gone .
when we think about the schedule of pigmentation , the rapid development of the problem is , how can we discover things that change all the time ?
i talked about that -- do you know this situation if you don &apos;t get diagnostics in the hospital ?
what about real people ?
we sequenced one part of their viruses ; it &apos;s new , so far sufferers .
after 10 more days of fever she came back -- still fever -- she had hypoxie -- little oxygen in her lungs .
it wasn &apos;t even sequenced very often .
it &apos;s a classic retrovirus , but it &apos;s completely new . no one ever saw it before .
a huge battery could already be that .
instead , instead , we invent something that fits the power of the stroking river .
i brought a liquid metal with low density , liquid metal with high density below , and melting salt in between .
but david is young and clever , and he wants a ph.d. student , and he builds up -- he builds the first liquid metal battery with this chemical composition .
so what did we learn from all of this ?
this video was taken in the aquarium underwater lab , six kilometers from the coast of key largo , about 20 meters below the surface of the water .
quickly we realized our garage was not big enough for this growing project .
i started to care about maria monsori and their method and how they turned this and how important it was that children discover things , and they &apos;re not taught them in an open way .
evolution is often seen as one way that we chose , but it actually represents a huge number of possibilities .
i &apos;m going to jump it down to the phase of space exploration .
our cities are at risk because many of them are on the coast .
there are stars , too .
so when we think about nonverbal behavior or body language , what the social scientists call , it &apos;s about language . so we think about communication .
this expression , also known as pride , was studied by jessica tracy , and she showed that looking people and birth of blind people , if they &apos;re winning a sport struggle .
so i thought about it . you meet these people and see how they participate . could you get them to prepare it , and then they would participate more ?
what happens at a roller , what happens if it happens at the very smallest level ? like the following little manipulation , this tiny intermediation ?
this is happening in the lab . the little exercise , for just a few minutes . where do you really apply that ? that was important to us .
these things . people are kind of showing their true me . they show themselves .
she was completely depressed , and she said , &quot; i don &apos;t have anything to go . &quot;
you need your body , privacy and two minutes . it can influence the other way of life .
laxis swims upstream to get to your launch , and liver birds caid an ant , war you in the brain and drive them a grass like a jeep .
and you have to have some kind of a car sticker , you have to have an answer .
so it &apos;s like i think richard and i care that these ideas are not being abused .
and of course , they &apos;re basically extinct .
but under all of these ideas that are very unlikely to spread our technology around the world , there are many toxic ideas .
and like viruses , we should not try to destroy them .
and in my game , that means you &apos;re overwhelming .
we put some ideas on the legs , we went international on tour .
i know you &apos;re going to say , &quot; t doesn &apos;t exist in music . &quot;
audience : t , e , d.
nobody &apos;s listening to each other . no one &apos;s familiar with anybody else .
you &apos;re going to see the orchestra in some kind of pain .
i don &apos;t want that to happen that it shouldn &apos;t have happened , but that we need to get better when it &apos;s about answering the questions that you need to consider when you think about the consequences and the responses .
they work in government government . they &apos;re drivers .
five dollars can save a life .
she earns about two dollars a day , just building an education fund , and told me they &apos;re not going to get married even kids before these things are done .
finally , out of despair , they went and argued a kind of old woman .
it &apos;s not even new .
and as you say , if you &apos;re angry , you &apos;ll have the best talk you &apos;ll ever regret .
okay , the vast majority of us .
his message was basically unity , the connectedness of everything and the unity of everything , and his fundamental value was respect , was kindness to stranger .
who &apos;s fighting when he &apos;s going ?
they started walking , israel and palestine , in jordan , in turkey , in syria .
and so there were more and more brothers , and they &apos;ve been having an income for the last time to support their family .
just go to somebody with another culture , from another country , with another authority , which is somehow different and put it into a conversation ; listen to it .
i &apos;m going where the story started , 1985 in central australia .
this morning before you came out who had the opportunity to shower ?
you see here -- 35 percent of those fewer famous houses where 50,000 indian people live , 35 percent of the homes had a functional shower .
21 percent of what we repair are follows , things that have actually been built around .
we did that . he made dust frames .
what we found later is that lung failure in this region is the main cause of disease and death .
one thing is related to the relationship with everything we &apos;ve done , in the middle of the 2000 , nelson mandela was not very much from here : &quot; how slavery and apartheid is not natural . she &apos;s the work of people .
i don &apos;t mean if you call me a lesar . it &apos;s not really .
it really sounds like it &apos;s going up here to say this , but if you try to apply this , it &apos;s amazing .
and with that statement , i &apos;m going to go on to think that children should not rely on their communities to live in a better life .
this is the youngest state in america , with our county champagne in america .
this is a picture of the mayor of the bronx that the children thought in his house , not in prison , so they felt too good .
we gave something back .
if you put big children with small children , you &apos;re the big , thick man in the middle , which is cool , and you create that responsibility under the equality that is incredible .
now you may wonder about these kids .
hold children from these stores away .
stephen ritz : a teacher that acts south bronx
secondly , i &apos;ll bet that even you as a laugh here , you see the difference here is an increase of strainse right after this sharp line .
by 10 : 06 , the pig did a heart attack .
people with migraine people who are predicting an anura , have a volume of nervous neurons -- here in red -- that move three to five millimeters per minute on the brain .
the problem is that 30 million americans have migraine , and we need a treatment . i think we have that .
my first wish is that the violent neurosurgeic for epilepsy , the one , for physical neurosurgeic -- is used to be used by the treatment of other brain disorders for the treatment of other brain disorders .
lawyers participate in provisions in hope in the hope of fat in the hopes of the federal patients of the poor patients , full of pity .
a year and a half ago , four of five of the five years ago at ushahidi , which is , by the way , &quot; accelerator &quot; to swahili , as well as ted members .
how do you know what &apos;s actually important about this ?
so i thought , &quot; i &apos;m going to talk about death . &quot;
i &apos;ve taken it out for the first time to bring it here .
these guys under the barrier , i call out , because they &apos;re actually going out of the process to share their knowledge with the world .
they have to use connexions as a platform to develop their teachers and contain their teachers that teach them about the world teachers around the world .
yes , books that may be sold 100 or 1,000 spending a year .
it doesn &apos;t surprise everybody , right ?
how do we protect it for the future ?
so that &apos;s not very hard .
the days of pilot projects are when people say , &quot; so we &apos;d like to have three or four thousand of them in our country to see how this works . &quot;
no , it &apos;s not a laptop project . it &apos;s an education project .
you can use a couple of thousand children with two megabytes .
so it &apos;s kind of an electronic book .
everybody says that &apos;s a $ 100 laptop , you can &apos;t do that .
and this is the marketing .
you click on things and stare on screens . &quot;
he says , &quot; no , no , no . there &apos;s a better opportunity . &quot;
we &apos;re all playing &quot; i love lucy &quot; on a big strength , made of information , and we can &apos;t keep up with it .
thank you .
i think most people think that an hiv-positive mother , still , is putting your child .
that &apos;s not possible . it &apos;s not .
it becomes all good . they &apos;re going to live .
first , to prevent the mother-child-transmission .
two years ago one of the mentor came to me and told me a story .
how do you build a better healthcare system ?
the most extraordinary thing is , how simple the system is .
if you look at the volume of gray substance at the age of 4 to 22 years , you &apos;re going to take them in childhood , which shows this graph , it &apos;s in early adolescence .
the notion that her father is singing in the public , he would get her to take her .
this is the document we built together .
after the first year , it was invited by the ars of electrotrar a museum in austria to install it in his lobby , and i &apos;m happy to say that it stayed online , 24 hours a day , for almost nine years .
but at night , while we collapsed , i asked the teenagers , like the teenagers , that they would kiss sam donadson .
and here &apos;s the result .
a place where my family works for four generations in the scarcity business .
very frankly , i have no idea what it &apos;s going on with shepherds , but they &apos;re incredibly sad .
the first thing you see at the crocodile is the terrible lung of the lung .
he wraps it around my leg , puts me up again , brings me to a vehicle and can bring me to a doctor .
it was a depression in the ground .
and she said , &quot; well , it &apos;s about you . &quot;
we have calculated that 200 years the end of our direct contact with the world is .
it &apos;s so easy to see technology as a metaphor for memory , but our brains are not perfect storage of memory like technology .
she &apos;s the cotton of my 200-year plan .
i would like to think -- thank you .
and i can assure you : corn is in all ways .
you should know that in every community the number of budgets already increases the number of budgets .
i put three naked expeditions into antarctica .
but tell me where they are and what country you are in . &quot;
we &apos;ve also explored the surface of the islands -- a very important trend for birds , one of the most important birds in the pacific .
and we than the rest of the world are in front of a problem .
he put the call &quot; reverse fish license . &quot;
of course , the deep rise and open seas were broken , but the coral part that everybody wants to look at was in trouble .
here &apos;s the pacific , with huge marine protections and huge environment .
now there are more sophisticated , immediate , automatic transit services available for free of many of our devices , even on the smartphone .
it &apos;s an endless debate , and there are no keys , not one answer to that , but if you &apos;re a computer geek like me , you say , &quot; well , what do the data tell us ? &quot;
instead , he was very carefully documented , whatever happens when technology appears for the first time in an environment and in a community .
so there are , of course , two different possibilities .
this is a blue field -- it &apos;s actually a yves cline painting .
i mean , that was at least how it made me happy .
well , of course , there was a question that went around for a while in the head : well , can i do more of the things i like to do in design , and less of those that i don &apos;t like to do as much ?
and here it is on the front .
they are on a terrible situation without out there .
they become disadvantaged to hospitals .
for example , as a 15-year-old , for example , i was seen as an extraordinarily grateful in multiplication because i knew the mortal of mortal , and i know how i have to use logging , and i can
i &apos;ve seen this value of older people in so many of my friends who are still active in their &apos; 60s , &apos; 70s , &apos; 80s and 90s as a supply officer , farmers , lawists and doctors .
when christian bicygraphy was done and made by krumped drops , young jewish men in the united states and canada and superman , who also go back to the bible .
the case of granada , the last muslim grandchildren of europe .
the biggest evil guy , rubber , wouldn &apos;t want these stones to go up , so he tries to leave them on the upper data .
and one of my favorites is al binalli from yemen .
&quot; and when does the article come out ? &quot;
rubber : there must be something that we can do .
&#91; &quot; the 99 &quot; &#93; thank you .
it &apos;s dangerous when a group itself is extremely identified .
naif al-mahwam : from islam beats superheroes
let &apos;s see .
let me highlight it for you .
let me show you this one .
and when i started designing with this , i discovered something curious about myself .
so they have the eye , and then they come up with the concepts .
but of course china has tremendous population .
but what it shows is that this kind of visualization of information is a form of knowledge .
it &apos;s even pleasure to engage with you because they &apos;re visual .
the eden captain is named after the eden project in britain .
why don &apos;t it smells like potatoes or particles ? so there are two theories .
and a theory allows you to work less .
now after a few months of search , i discovered that there &apos;s a kind of molecule that you call borane , and it has exactly the same vibration .
this is the basis of the device that these two people built by ford .
they made it -- and it &apos;s just like coumarin smell .
that was a good thing .
right now there are a series of things that i want you to do .
and she had no idea of the context that she landed in .
norman !
i didn &apos;t tell anybody , not my mother , nor my father , not my sister , my brother , my aunt , my doubts , my cousins , my grandparents , no one .
i report of it . i report of it , just to say that i had two things when i left the children i wanted to make . that was to find my family , and the other one was to write poems .
and this is how we search for them .
and then you hope that one of us is walking around there and finding little parts .
he had a scobine , and he has to have a packet of others , female and probably much smaller family members , to reach his age of 12 .
is that a good evolutionary adaptation , or is it going to lead us that we &apos;re going to be the hominids species that exist on planet earth ?
but will we do that or are we going to take nature away ?
one day , a couple of weeks or maybe a year later , i was with my children in a store for an artist &apos;s store , and i wanted to buy tools -- we had planned a quarter day .
that meant a fundamental change for me .
my tip : about 70 layers of this take , matt black suggestion .
do you know how i &apos;m really obsessed with this project ? this project is just for me , and yet i &apos;ve gone so far to buy a chinese newspaper from 1941 from san francisco to be able to pack the bird with that
when we took the way to the spectacular blue mountains in the west of sydney , it was a perfect hero : sunlight , the smell of elation and a dream .
&quot; no , it &apos;s too hard . &quot;
and if you ever run again , just with a walker . &quot;
i remember that my father got me out in the wheelchair , and i was pushed up to the bottom , and i felt the sun on my face for the first time .
they said to me , &quot; we &apos;re going to put you next to you because we think that would be good for you . &quot;
and she made me the phone , and i called the air school , and i was writing , and i said that i &apos;d like to wool a hand of two bags .
and i said , &quot; jack . &quot;
and mama and dad ? were never up there .
i &apos;m in this world , but i work in instinctive .
it &apos;s like a ish cator flying through a richard serra .
how the hell should i do a phone in three weeks if i have had these things that evolved over millions of years ?
each of these elements could be attached to the wall as a kind of art .
in his days , he was the highest taxpayer in brits .
i look at individual surfaces , and how they flow -- how they stretch and flow . it &apos;s based on furniture judge , but that &apos;s not the end effect . it was made from aluminum , as opposed to the
this is the car of the future . it &apos;s a water spill .
if you put it next to contemporary architecture , it feels completely natural to me .
this is my studio . it &apos;s underground .
it was made from kevlar .
the same time i did my dr. , i was fortunate to be a member of a researcher who used him for the first time to explore the ocean .
there was one of these riles .
it uses red bioluminescence like a debt of an infrared driver , to cut around animals that are blind to the red light and can see them without being seen .
so they use it to find food and partners .
i urge you to call another science that still uses hundreds of years old .
it &apos;s a magical place .
so i decided to rediscover the value of the sleep .
and on june 5th , 1995 , i heard a loud bang on the disk that changed my life and ended a duck .
and here &apos;s the duck again .
my life changed after the price of my life .
another example of the impact of glass buildings on the lives of birds .
so , for example , if i -- this is the sound for purple .
the after i teach it , i can hear music with the food and composition .
one is &quot; i have a diam &quot; by martin luther king , and the other is by hitler .
now you can see more and more of the time that former observation is now the main leaders .
you don &apos;t want to say anything unexpected that could be used against one . &quot;
absolutely vital .
and what happens when teachers want to translate order ?
and why not ? they don &apos;t trust the law . why don &apos;t they trust the law ?
because it &apos;s so that freedom is a stlele of structure .
because life is complex . and here is the hardest and biggest change : we have to give the authority to the exception and apply the law to judge and officer .
a free society needs red and green lights , otherwise it &apos;s going to be totally silent .
put boundaries for the interest , calculate the credit card companies , and for the fee you can take .
well , if you think about it , it &apos;s really difficult to eat columns with a ruler .
he had a very bad job .
he had only a toy gun at the end of the day .
but the problem of leaving on rules and incentives is that they deprive the professionals , and they deprive the professional activity in two ways .
so clever lawyers are better than nothing , but it &apos;s hard to imagine that any smarter lawyer can keep this upright for imlimited time .
why did this idea spread ?
people want to be virtuous .
it was an extraordinary time . i &apos;m going to make the mentality a little bit more important that we -- america and the rest of the world -- at the time .
this was bert , the turtle .
we &apos;re going to have a full impact on it here .
what i want to show you is what they needed to transport 34 kilos high-performing uranium .
what if they had nuclear weapons ?
we come down , and we bring the trucks you &apos;ve just seen , somewhere in the finance .
part of the problem is that disaster itself , overwhelmingly overwhelmed with a nuclear disaster .
it was sent to me by somebody who is a famous of civilians , which is that it was hard to have america .
there are a lot of black sheep out there who did the wrong things and the problems have still discriminated .
we can show our results . we can make things better .
how can we tap to them ?
it &apos;s obtax to have an dangerous work environment .
imagine if we could , because if we could , we could achieve more .
the governments that make most progress are the governments , the ways that we &apos;ve found shared value in business , instead of seeing the government that has just said that .
maybe i can cut the brain here , look at the brain , and i can change my slice .
i just want to zoom in .
come to me for a moment in the 19th century , exactly to june 24 , 1833 .
we could certainly all be so productive if facebook or twitter wouldn &apos;t cost that much time .
they have been diagnosed with the british government to get money for building babbage &apos;s machines , because they believed that these machines would have tremendous practical effects for society .
these conclusions made not only fewer wealthy men research , but they also started looking over the plate , rather than answering the questions .
i &apos;m going to tell you how i learned something about life .
once you start looking at the very small stuff -- this person wrote an entire article and said , &quot; hey , these are bacteria . &quot;
and all of them are not old enough ; they have no idea how this infection happened -- because of these diets .
there are about 10,000 programs there .
this would be the frequencies in which you can find each of the 26 letters of the alphabet in one of random monkeys written text .
wherever life is alive , you &apos;re going to have this distribution , unlike that distribution .
too hot , too hot .
the policeman says , &quot; are you sure ? hey buddy , are you sure you lost this one ? &quot;
this is the data from a single survey survey in a single district in zambia , from a couple of years ago that i worked on .
as you can see , bruce will is a lot more hair at that time .
you could talk about 10,000 , 20,000 or 30,000 dollars , if i had the time , or fit it into my plan , and i wasn &apos;t on holiday .
instead of teaching people how to pack the formula on the cell phones , we should develop software that enables them to do that , without exercise and without my contributions .
that &apos;s less than i earned at the time when i &apos;ve traveled for two weeks as an adviser .
and then we understand that if we want to change our trajectory , in life or in balloon , we need to change the altitude .
it can be in spirituality .
and that &apos;s why they need an authority .
i promised that i was going to be flying around the world , not going to take a fuel , will be independent of fossil fuels , to be secure , not to be threatened by the tube .
i think you need a pilot in the airplane that can talk to the universities that can talk to students , and can talk to politicians during the flight , and can really make it to a human adventure .
now , what is the goal ?
that &apos;s why all the people who believe in this mental entity are welcome to be part of this team .
now you need only one laptop .
anyway , for us africa was a magical place .
the next thing i want to create clarity is what this problem is and what it isn &apos;t .
that &apos;s crazy , really , if you think about it .
let &apos;s stop for a second .
the fact is that we can see the first generation , the disease and the extreme poverty in the eyes , look over the ocean , tell it and mean it . we don &apos;t have to stand that much .
it goes to the nerves .
this year is a test for us , especially for the leaders of the g8 states who are entertained and looked at the world story .
people start to find that out .
and with this one campaign as our screen , i have my organization , data , and other groups , the energy and enthusiasm coming out of hollywood to the back of america .
: step after step go forward , a nurse , a teacher , a housewife , and life will save .
the idea that the internet has changed , which has changed their lives , can change a country -- and a continent that made it up to an analog , and then to the digital -- makes me feel the head .
lips are not lips , but volcanoes .
their task is now to see what these shapes are , and what kiki is .
if you &apos;re not prisoners right now , that sentence is literally , literally , wrong .
if we solve a problem or discover something new , we compare what we already know about what &apos;s unknown to us .
nadia al sakkk : i &apos;m glad to be here .
they don &apos;t fit all these representations .
pm : i don &apos;t think so .
how do you deal with that , you personally , but also with your collaborators ?
some of my reporters have been arrested .
it &apos;s clearly a different picture of yemen .
my heart was three and a half times tall .
this is a list of side effects : if you eat too much salt like a peanuts and mirror control , you probably land in intensive care .
but soon i showed symptoms for the heart of the heart , and i had to go back to sea level , knowing that i would never see my home again .
i sat there and i was very excited about the conservation for transplants and asked him what i would need if i needed a transplant , could make it prepared .
i hunt at a dozen machines that kept me alive .
thank you .
interestingly , one of those birth as well as 200 percent has gone up in the united states as well .
and also , interestingly , the same company that sells us 80 million pounds at atrazine , the breast cancer commitment , is now sold the environment -- one and the same company .
we also started as a water organisms .
what would our insurance children say to us when they relate to us every day : i had a little bubble , some artificial limitless materials , and a little bit of tone a .
the problem is that in my village , oakland , most of our villages don &apos;t see this connection .
here &apos;s the collection at the bow citchen airport next to los angeles airport .
i offered five cents for every bottle .
the road society can &apos;t be damaged ; it &apos;s become global .
here you see , in red , the distribution of the coast of the coast .
they &apos;re like a mouse that looks at the foot of an elephant , and the biggest part of them will be buried .
she &apos;s looking from her attachment and bird bird from all directions around us .
redwoods have an enormous surface that expands in the sky , because it tends to be something called the stereotype -- repetition .
distances give up the tree of the tree , just like a cathedral , and help the tree live longer .
it &apos;s absolutely heartening to see that .
but , recently , all the doors of the palace are breaking up and breaking the walls .
that was 25 years ago .
so , for example , let &apos;s look at the pair virus .
so how do these people do money with these infected computers ?
and you can afford to watch how we work -- how safety people work -- and try to find a way , the security pollution that we meet .
you &apos;ll notice that you can see there &apos;s an internet address down there : union eccocom / no-tech , and if you open this image file on your computer , this program will download and introduce .
and if you look closer to the images of the scene , you can see that the marker of the mercy of the mercy 7600 is a little bit .
we need to find some way to make sure that everything is going on , even though the computers fall out .
but i don &apos;t have anything to do with that .
this person is engaging with employees .
why should we believe what he says ? &quot;
what does his future look like ?
these powers completely disappear , no one underestimated the 2011 .
it would be good if people were satisfied , and taking this kind of calculation seriously and participating in it , because this would change things , but it would change things on two essential ways .
that means that we can see a copy itself , if it &apos;s only used one part of the original or the original one , to play this in slow motion and have a bad picture and capture .
and the happy couple , jill and kevin ? well , they came back from their wedding journey and saw that their videos suddenly had spread like a flying fire .
thank you .
you will go to the distance .
that &apos;s what taught him to do , since he was five years old .
i &apos;m grateful for the fact that i had a mentor like ma who taught me how to navigate .
what is it that drives you today in life ? not 10 years ago .
what do you do with what you dream about and make it happen ?
didn &apos;t have the -- time . didn &apos;t have the -- technology . you know , i didn &apos;t have the right managers . didn &apos;t have ...
right now , conscious or unconscious , at the moment where you decide to focus on something , you can make a meaning , and whatever it means , it makes emotion .
have you ever done anything , and they went , &quot; that &apos;s me . &quot;
now bored . so god in his infinite wisdom gave us another human need : the uncertainty .
but this is true : we need it . we can do it by intimacy , through friendship , by prayers , by migration in nature .
and there are seven different beliefs . i can &apos;t pass it through because i &apos;m through . the last element is feeling .
jewish man with family , somebody in new york who would die if he had been at work that day , and this man who wanted to be a terrorist and was very clear .
instead , i &apos;m interested in creating tools that a large number of people can tell their stories , people all over the world .
the color of the particles corresponds to the kind of feeling -- happy , positive feelings have shining colors .
we see , &quot; i feel like i was on the computer all day . &quot;
and when i go over here , the list starts to walk , and there are thousands of feelings that were collected .
the 10 topics rail and circle the time capsule .
it &apos;s called &quot; universe : revealing our modern mythology . &quot;
we can click this up and see this academic image of betty ford , as she &apos;s wearing the sarg of her husband .
you can also look at quotes if you like to read quotes on climate change .
so people are feeling clouds than something that is in the way .
in life , it has tens of thousands of members in nearly 100 countries around the planet .
you only need one step out to go out and look at that , which is so common , so everyday , that everybody else is looking at it .
so look up , admire the short-term beauty , and always think about wearing your head in the clouds .
they had 25,000 shots , they would have done this : &quot; 25,000 , good , good .
and you know , 10 years ago , it was about 10 years ago when i got the commitment to buy my first graphics . it was a huge machine .
these images came from a virtual autopsy .
here you can see the knife penetrated .
it &apos;s a little , mechanical pencil , which has built in its inside very , very fast stmoot .
so this is a really interesting project now .
so he does .
so , very gifted people .
i went out with the kids as often as possible to connect the academic stuff with the real world .
it &apos;s not all , but it &apos;s an incredibly powerful summary of everything we know about the basics of nature .
i won &apos;t go into detail why we imagine the universe like this , but it comes out of mathematics and is trying to explain the physics that we know .
but in the course of my career , there was always something in me .
in 2001 , i visited them during a research campaign .
we got a lot of commitments .
this shows the state after the first degree in 2004 .
he &apos;s just at the end of the ph.d. student , and he was recently filmed with someone that you all know .
each one will have a panic student , but they &apos;re specialized on different scientific disciplines .
i got my first computer as a teenager , and it was a really great device .
he explores the brain by mri and he claims that this is the most beautiful brain he ever scanned .
i &apos;m going to give you a quick couple of slides in the next couple of slides .
transistors are getting smaller to make that , and that has made our technology much better .
our retina chip is behind this lens here .
i had such a feeling that we were going wrong .
so in this sense , it &apos;s a very simple object .
so , we know what a schwarzschild radius is .
i like to call them the primary electricity of the galaxy , because they &apos;re kind of angry .
so we can see more details in our galaxy than anything else .
and that brings us to a factor of 20 .
so there was a bunch of alternative to the notion that there was a supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy , because you could put a lot of stuff there .
it draws a lot more stronger than the other , and the cloud is going to get apart apart .
and i hope that i have at least convinced you that we have a really supermassive black hole in the center of the galaxy .
one day i was in the streets of new york , and i saw some kids playing between stairs , cars and hypotheses of baseball .
so for example , the people in the 11th century liked pieces that ended .
so , in the first eight centuries of this tradition , the big &quot; what &quot; in it , to raise god and to prices .
through new and enhanceen instruments , the age of prosthetics broke up .
but one question remains : what happens when the music stops ?
michael tison thomas : music and feelings over time
so we &apos;re at the beginning of a new catalyst .
until the year 1945 they took it for 100,000 years .
so i &apos;m going to talk about music composition , although i don &apos;t know where to start .
wow , a volunteer , great !
but recently i &apos;ve been interested in looking at a new view of large people , because there are conditions where these things can make really cool .
well , i think this is the current development of a phenomenon that we call &quot; crowd-accelerated innovation . &quot;
but the element of desire is really the most important thing .
we get ridiculous talks from them .
so let me introduce at this point sam gate .
but even when you leave the screen away , there &apos;s a lot more overpass than words .
thousands of individuals and organizations share their knowledge and their data online .
it &apos;s not crazy ; it &apos;s happening right now .
like web videos , global innovation encourages global innovation .
one : i have to make a service as speakers of the audience , and talk about what i &apos;m going to give him , rather than saying what i can &apos;t offer .
and that they &apos;re going to have fun to design their own ultimate , ultimate tedtalk .
well , you can &apos;t compare them to each other .
they keep them alive , and they give them the sugar , sort of kind of behavioral , which we call superpower .
these kinds of tests are using this , ok ?
somebody said , &quot; why ? &quot;
and that thought he could reverse the waves . couldn &apos;t .
i think there are three big changes , which is in the area transparency , choice and sustainability where people have real power .
how do we do that ?
my brid-coach , sharon osbell , claims that there are more photos of your head than anybody else .
11 from 14 countries .
and secondly , participating teachers were looking at the video records and questionnaires as a helpful diagnostic tool , because they are relevant to specific areas where an education is meaningful .
so i wish all a nice weekend .
reading and writing dna is getting simpler and cheaper .
bicomotion is working alone .
now you may ask yourself , &quot; what would i do in a bioluminescence ? &quot;
if you have these fields around the world , it can lead to a perspectives , which is allowed to do biotechnology .
the kingdom claims that his laws allow him to embody stranger or to take an economic risk or a security risk or risk for healthcare or moral ideas of state .
these laws are a struggle in the face of science and based on prejudice and ignorance and one of these traditions and a selective religious account .
why are you going to pregnant if you &apos;re positive ? &quot;
one out of 10 hiv infections occurs to people who inject drugs .
so the social workers that distribute condoms at endangered population groups are not going to be tracking themselves by the police , complaining or randomly being locked in .
this is where children were born , people died there .
office buildings for personal work are already obsolete .
they ran out the wooden , the street removed , the flow below the street , and you come from one end of the street to the other without crossing the street .
people say , &quot; we don &apos;t want to live in tiny apartments . &quot;
jobs should be shared .
their liver makes ilgraphic oil .
and they killed around the 12,000 sharks at that time by actually putting a kilo of the land to be in keen bay at achill bay .
we know very little about them .
so this tag is finding the place of a hais , depending on the time and the sun &apos;s temperature , the water temperature and depth .
let &apos;s look at the nuclear , which has something to do with the genes that are passed on by the parents , and then we see that basking sharks compared to the first study , one around factor of 10 different diversity than other hairs .
so lesmen refined this research , and found that the size is about 9,000 .
and what was okay . we got nap . no problem .
and i thought , &quot; hey , i can build that up . &quot;
so if we can tell the gender of the shark before we take a sample , we can tell the geneticists whether it was from a male or female .
so i decided to give myself the convenience .
their bodies are going to get out of doubt , and they &apos;re determined to be used for any magician to make money -- people tell a lot of these stories .
no business with anybody .
my journalism may not fit on other continents or other countries , in my part of africa , but it works . it &apos;s about corruption , asking people , &quot; where are the evidence ?
aa thank you .
i was raised in downtown manhattan in downtown 1980s , two blocks away from the epidemic of the package .
i wouldn &apos;t have been through transparency .
and did these people know a victim of their discrimination ?
today , in 29 states , in more than half of the country , because of its sexuality , they can be gorgeous .
at some point , i realized that my mission &quot; gay &quot; was to photograph in it , because there was a million different features of gay .
at least i hope that it &apos;s harder to see their human rights .
one : the world is , and it &apos;s always going to be good and evil , because good and evil , yin and yang are the human being .
and third , i had access to all 1,000 pictures that the soldiers had done .
three ways : the previous way is called frontier .
this is stanley milgram , a jewish boy from the bronx , and he said , &quot; could the holocaust happen , here and now ? &quot;
&quot; my lord , who is responsible if something happens ? &quot;
stanley milgram and i ended up in the high school , by the way , at the high school , at james montane in the bronx .
here are the guards with the symbols of power and anonymity .
human emissions others . individualization of the self .
alexander solar synthesizer says that the border between good and evil through the heart of any human being .
and i put the experiment in the next day .
and he said , &quot; i did whatever anybody could do , &quot; not a big thing to jump on .
it &apos;s a puzzle that was really very hard to deal with .
we have one self .
but on my left retina is a delight that &apos;s laid through the red arrow .
there &apos;s only one point of view , which is the body .
i promise that i &apos;m not saying anything about it , except that it &apos;s supposed to switch it .
and autobiographical self has extended memories , thinking , imagination creativity and language .
thank you . thank you for the hip hop -- and anita hill .
now i &apos;m going to tell you this -- i &apos;m telling you and risks to make me ridiculous , because i think feminism has part of the job to give the aesthetics and beauty and fun .
we don &apos;t want a heroine .
now , you &apos;ve been able to figure out , i didn &apos;t set up in brand .
she talked about presidency , they found peace organizations , they organized communities , they driven friends -- all those everyday acts of care and creativity .
i mean it &apos;s this self-esteem that distinguishes the homo sapiens of previous human forms .
in fact , this is a sensor for brainwaves that reads electrical activity in my brain while i &apos;m holding this talk .
we make a lot of prototypes and products to life that you can control with thoughts , how controlled appliances , or a floating chair .
the headset is wireless with an ipad or smartphone .
how these children can use their new awareness of their better consciousness , a lot of the damage and civic social stigma will turn around , see people who are being diagnosed as differently .
it understood the power of human narrative and that the value that we share on people is changing and flourished and growing .
and he said , &quot; how are you going to celebrate ? &quot;
my skills and my possibilities .
and so unprecedented , and unexpectedly , they gave up .
this specialist is not to study my eyes .
i went a track that i know well .
and very , very slowly it happened .
i didn &apos;t really believe in me , not really , not all the parts of me , all the little memes in all of us .
that &apos;s me . my whole me .
what we have is exactly the same thing , the same activity , but one of them feels great , and at the other , with just a small change in the posture , they feel awful .
but i think it &apos;s a different debate that has to take place , which is about the measure of control that we have about our taxes .
for 0.0 percent of that money , you could have installed wifi in the trains , which had not reduced the duration of the journey , but what the pleasure and the usefulness would have improved much more .
i don &apos;t go to one of the other presidents of one .
sometimes the lines are very , very long .
i think the danger in the world today is that the field of economics is understood as preventable discipline to human psychology .
if the average answer would be 50 to 60 percent .
it &apos;s going to take you to you that you don &apos;t hurt yourself , even others .
yay !
it &apos;s 20 , 30 years back .
but it wasn &apos;t that i had a coin with head on both sides .
it &apos;s not hard to solve this problem .
but that &apos;s our hill of the visible universe .
thank you .
with hyperscore , we had extended , actually very strong effects in children around the world , and now on people at ages .
it &apos;s about a man , rich , successful , powerful who wants to live forever .
hello . my name is dan dosey . i &apos;m 34 years old , and i have a brazilian .
this is actually the side of dans piece that he made completely in hyperscore .
odysseus would have said , &quot; well , let &apos;s make a sample .
there &apos;s the present self first .
i have to write five pages a day , or i had to give up five dollars a day .
it &apos;s not possible that this is going to work today . &quot;
and i &apos;m going to show you some of these tools here .
the last thing i &apos;m going to show you is the last behavior machine , which is something that i built with half herrids , which was presented to me from my author at a previous project , bill sacpe .
it &apos;s pretty good that it doesn &apos;t affect people , because when one of the faces smiles , the other face looks frozen .
this is one of the reasons that we think so much of what we think for western science , math and construction , was actually developed in the first couple of centuries of our period of time , arabs and turk .
x is the unknown because there &apos;s no &quot; s &quot; in spanish .
so it &apos;s not surprising that when you talk to the mental illnesses of mental illness , you &apos;re likely to hear stories of hide , shame and discrimination in almost all of the lives of life .
a little more than 30 years ago , the nations in alma-ata gathered and gave these legendary explanations .
what is that ?
if you look at the level of species , you &apos;ve heard about the fish .
if you look at this profit , you see that almost 8,000 of these dollars are actually subsidies .
this was in the early 2000 , when india wanted to move out of their gdp -- as for the recovery -- to go to china with his rated growth of eight , nine , 10 percent and said , why can &apos;t we ?
it doesn &apos;t relate to any happy situation , but you have the trust and the courage to present and say , &quot; we &apos;ve calculated that .
green carbon , so emissions of deforestation and agriculture , and blue carbon together , together , is 25 percent of our emissions .
richard feynman was a very complex man .
we loved winning .
i didn &apos;t know what these things meant , dick , by the way -- sydney , by the way .
i also liked these intellectual documents .
and he said he had basically exactly the same relationship to his father .
there was a theory .
he did it again in 1968 .
they don &apos;t move , and because they don &apos;t move in the course of the experiment , they don &apos;t have to worry about how they move .
we removed the whole vince , and the cylinder color , which covers these very fantastic aluminum bumps .
a lot of these ideas are produced in producing trailers for airstream .
if you think about sending your children to the tinkering school , you &apos;re going to come back with preference , scratch and blind .
but let them play around their own conditions and trust me , they &apos;re going to learn things that they can &apos;t learn from dora &apos;s discoveries .
so next time you want to throw away a device , don &apos;t do it .
i think that &apos;s all . that &apos;s five and a half . okay .
so here you see the sick knee on the left , and here &apos;s my wife in the wandering today , four months after that , in aspen , and good constitution .
how about a completely bionic knee garden , not just sharing ?
this is one of the seven even existing spaces that didn &apos;t get shot in all the time .
and so , in the year , 1455 of western europe started to buy , first thousands , thousands , hundreds of thousands , and finally , to print millions of individual , little circuits that should take one in the sky in the sky .
but how does our imagination work ?
but we never think about the hidden connections .
when edison invented the light bulb , she looked something like this .
you have to be quite smart , and even though i don &apos;t have high school school , it doesn &apos;t mean that i &apos;m stupid , because you can &apos;t be stupid today and get it in the world .
they literally came up with the door .
if you listen to the stereo in your cheating , both ears hear both speakers .
we have the problem that the antennae vibrate .
thank you again very much .
that &apos;s why i &apos;m interested in systems and systems .
recently , i &apos;ve been creating some pretty sophisticated bag bags from sugar stations .
and i drew her own map for every person , and he wrote her name on it , and she smelled them .
i &apos;m sure i can see how you rotate .
and i &apos;m convinced that it &apos;s the first time to bring my valuable and limited lifetime on this earth .
in this mode , he tries to keep his position .
i thought i &apos;ll tell a little bit about how nature creates materials .
we &apos;re thinking about future technologies . we start at the beginning of the world .
and if you look around it , you see the amino acids with the ph.d. rate where they have different charges .
and through a sequence of choice of choice , one of a billion fish can do what you want , like , for example , a battery or a solar cell .
in this case you see oxygen bubbles coming out .
when you ask people the question : where do they go when they have something important to do ?
i sat at my desk , used my expensive computers .
so what happens -- sometimes you have those days where you wake up at eight in the morning , or seven or when you stand up , and you say , you know , i didn &apos;t have good sleeping .
in the office , most of the interruptions and distractions that people actually hold from work are unwilling .
we all know that &apos;s true . they would never experience a spontaneous meeting that &apos;s called employees .
now meetings and managers are the two main problems in companies , especially in office .
maybe every two weeks , or every week , once a week , afternoon , that nobody can talk about .
you know , to be honest , i &apos;ve been doing this for seven years now , and i have no idea what the future is going to look like .
but if you ask people to the three important things they wear , no matter what culture , what gender and what context -- is most people : key , money , and if you own one , the mobile phone .
but this is a very big one , but we have to forget the tendency .
well , i want to give you a practical example of delegation .
they take 10 or 20 percent pervision and then -- the owner of the store takes 10 or 20 percent pervision , and gives the rest of the contributions to my family .
it challenges the norm .
and he kind of has a recognition for the values of liberty .
at the same time , with the spread of these mobile devices , we see an expectation of availability .
our present reality is less interesting than the story we &apos;re going to tell later about .
what did we talk about ?
dean ornish shares new research students showing how the appropriate healthy lifestyle can affect a human level on genetic level , for example , that if we live healthier lives , make better food , sport , and love our brain cells .
until i tell you who it was saying .
in this case , we can feel regret of many different things .
when i went home that night after i got my tattoo , i stayed up almost all night .
but i want to suggest that there &apos;s another fifth .
i mean , even the dumb answer of all &quot; regret can let us back for days .
and as i said earlier , i &apos;m a perfect woman .
and i thought that i would try to show in preparation on my ted wish , what i &apos;m trying to do , and how this fits what they &apos;re trying to do .
not in india . now , at least one half million are active .
and i came up with the idea that someone in this non-governmental world is thinking about the organization of collective markets .
and so we started doing that .
listen to that : less than four tenth of one percent of those who have been treated , the assumptions of their medicines or neglect in a different way their treatment .
it &apos;s a value attempt , and i think it would be successful .
the pants are not rectangular .
when the turbines are used , it will produce 8,000 watts of electricity , day and night .
and people bring their green industries , hopefully their green restaurants , with green school .
a local women from bali cooking the food on the struggle , and they use secrets that only know their grandmothers .
we need someone who comes and studies that .
green school is a model that we built for the world .
my tongue , the bills and vocal chords were still healthy and didn &apos;t fall in love .
then apple alex came out , the best voice i &apos;ve heard .
there was a reason for that : that &apos;s me .
the transmitter is not natural .
but that &apos;s not the point .
at the beginning , the internet for me was a helpful tool . now it &apos;s something that i leave myself for my real everyday life .
it &apos;s human to ignore disease .
you all know the test for artificial intelligence , the turwitest .
i was an architect before , and my grandmother once asked me , &quot; what are you living with ? &quot;
we embedded two opposite pages as one side , because this is how it takes the readers .
so what is the lesson behind it ?
but one day my grandmother said , &quot; no , you &apos;re not going to have that time .
it was damaging and horrible things happened to me .
everybody lost hope in my cure .
so they went to their campfires , and they all collected their supplies of furniture -- they gave me sound and hills , bed nets , everything .
they don &apos;t know how far that street is , and they don &apos;t know if they &apos;re going right and they &apos;re listening to cars , and they had a terrible accident that has brought them into that situation .
i thought for some reason the time was standing and only went to family and friends for some reason .
so , for example , the understanding molecular structure .
he took me to the temple of nicco .
can we say we &apos;ve discovered all the symmetries of the alhambra ?
i can &apos;t turn it around because i &apos;ve built a little hurdle , right ?
if i run a magical train and then one , it turns out to be a third .
galois has set up a series of laws for how these charts , these symmetries , interact .
one of these symmetry is called 6-3-two .
instead of all calling up , i want to know how many digits the number have . ok ?
i need your name . symmetrical objects basically -- please come up for me .
one : worse diet , maybe shorter life savings .
thomas edison would have felt very strong in a software company today .
penicillin was discovered in 1928 , but even in 1940 , no commercial and medical values were made .
it was the origin of xerox coerer who last year had his 50th birthday .
for me , the study of unintended consequences is that chaos now happens . let &apos;s make the best of it .
working on every computer and browser . minus , minus , minus and the text is getting smaller .
they don &apos;t need to release them either .
and therefore , a kind of source of information that i &apos;m going to inspire , my real desk .
one tool about it would be something like a railway , so that you get the more traditional desktop , and things are determined by grid .
now i get to my music with my music , and there &apos;s no more boundaries .
but i think the point is , it &apos;s metaphors with data , and with such a bit of information , i want to suggest that we have a little bit of contemporary math , not just financial math , but mathematics in general .
and he said , &quot; well , there are 2,000 physicists today on wall street and i &apos;m one of them . &quot;
you can find them here : this is a book about flying that may have beaten you on amazon .
this is not financial data ; that &apos;s culture .
you can drive it very , very far .
and it &apos;s not the money that &apos;s actually so interesting .
here we go . shake . louder !
i want to tell you a mystery .
so , interconnectedness without traffic fishing , so with stop signs , many lives , but there &apos;s an extension of them .
the answer is to allow cars to get safe from this side of the street .
warren buffet had recommended this : honestly to tell you what &apos;s going to work and not make this a annual thing .
in fact , what we see on the gene code is that it &apos;s the only known disease because in africa &apos;s living people , even more things have been trained to make the malaria .
this means that the economy is stuck in these areas because it &apos;s just so much preventing .
but that doesn &apos;t give us a handle yet .
not only was they weak ; it &apos;s going to flow .
a teacher of the top quartile becomes the performance of his class -- measured by tests -- to increase 10 percent one year .
but it &apos;s not a reason to be a better teacher .
&quot; what &apos;s going on ? &quot;
and these free courses could not only be available on the internet , but you can also make dvds everywhere so that everybody with access to a dvd player can have the best teachers .
traditional vessels , like this cup , takes eight to 10 hours to burn .
the sculptor richard serra talks about how he thought as a young artist , he was a painter and he lived after his graduate degree in florida .
when i look at these photos , i &apos;ll smell the smoke on my clothes when i went home to my family at the night .
my parents reacted great . they said , &quot; we know you &apos;re scared , but let &apos;s just go tomorrow .
but is it so bad to keep us so powerful ?
this is master &apos;s general in boston .
the pathologist take the sample , fill it up , cut it down , look at it under the microscope and then informed the operating room .
so in this building , there &apos;s a solution with these ridiculous molecules , together with a color , shown green here , in the veins of a cancer patient , can &apos;t separate the molecules of the molecules .
with colored lymph nodes as part of our current treatments , the surgeon is looking for the individual nodes , the lymph nodes where the cancer begins .
when nerves are being damaged , they can cause paralysis to cause and pain .
if we take these two samples together ...
we know that this is doable , and we &apos;re determined to realize this .
and this cell is one of the thousands of different cell types we learn from .
it &apos;s just going to affect the healthy circuits like the nurses they want to repair .
and one in the summer of 2004 , we tried it , and it did the first time .
we have shown that there &apos;s already a short activation of these cells to drive learning .
and here it goes . now .
i want to end with a story that we think might be a clinical application .
now you can see that the animal is actually going to avoid the walls and go to the small platform and use its eyes again .
buildings are colonized with the aircraft in the air flowing microbes through the windows and about mechanical triggers systems .
and when they stop outside , the air contains microbes that are associated with plant leaves and dirty .
obviously , i &apos;m a physically powerful person , as you can see , so i didn &apos;t have a worry to wear this thing in 20 blocks .
the same is true for the question , who after 9 / 11 the streets were alive in my neighborhood ?
and you can get a list .
one of the things i &apos;ve been experimenting with is something called google shark , basically just taking an abstract word and searching at google , and then you &apos;re looking at these results after the name of someone .
this is britney spears . i mean , ok , interesting .
if you have the second side here , one of the most .
now , what all of us were normal about 40 years ago -- telling stories between generations -- is now rarely .
in 1939 , the film is older than most grandparents of our members .
did the story tell good ?
why am we not going to see this with the same passion as reading ?
in california , you &apos;re going to send them out with a warm , &quot; this product contains chemicals that will be seen by the state of california as a cause of cancer , birth and other properties . &quot;
so maybe we could develop a change strategy that needs humility , and for my profession as an architect , it &apos;s an unfortunate that the words &quot; humility &quot; have no longer mentioned in the same setting .
i don &apos;t know if you remember his answer , but it was , &quot; the stone age didn &apos;t end because we &apos;ve gone out of the stones . &quot;
and this can be very good for berlin , but we &apos;ve built it in houston , and all the windows are closed , and with all the products that were obviously not designed for use in the inner city , it &apos;s actually a vertical
if we look at the word competition , i &apos;m sure most of you use it .
since then , we &apos;ve taken the 4,000 most preventable industrial chemicals into a database that we &apos;re going to provide in six weeks of public public .
now we &apos;ve learned 160 kilos of heavy mechanics the birds on the internet learn .
we started to fix commercial and mixed use of buildings so that all people have centers and places where they can stop .
and this is the most famous hiv center in utah .
and that &apos;s not true . let &apos;s tell someone that we knew all that because we didn &apos;t know it .
for example , you &apos;ll give that the data collection at microsoft at 11 / 11 started at yahoo on march 12 , 2008 and then the other : google , facebook , skype , apple and so on .
i chose sweden because sweden &apos;s similar laws , like the united states .
and whoever tells them he didn &apos;t hire anything about it for a long time .
and her email was read , and she was talking at the u.n. headquarters and said , &quot; if there &apos;s no right for privacy , there can be no real freedom of speech , and therefore , there can be no effective democracy . &quot;
many people , if you see a fresh human brain for the first time , say , &quot; usually it looks different when you get a brain . &quot;
all these empty areas are the areas where the directions go through .
and the nature of a particular cell , to drive its underlying biochemist , is determined which is what the 25,000 genes are switched on and what they &apos;re switched on .
now , experts come in , and they make basic anatomical facilities .
we take the marker material , and we put it on something called a butchimp .
so what can scientists learn from this data ?
they look at their whole genomes and they &apos;re trying to find activities that are linked to the genes .
whether that depends on the individual genetic background or their experience , we don &apos;t know .
that we know how to eradicate poverty , we need to only do more for that ?
so here are a couple more questions .
how can you know ?
so what is the problem ?
well , before all , everything was the same .
and there were many experiments made all the same results , so i &apos;m just going to talk about one .
so what is the best part ?
we need this kind of information . we need more of it . and we need to run politics .
and maybe we start small , with things where we are safe to act .
poverty is more mimicry than scientific work , and a lack of data about the effects of tools is the question of how to raise this . but clark-memea winner , it &apos;s possible to figure out what development value is , and what
so we start because africa is in a certain way in terms of translation .
and the legends reported that alexander went through this desert .
but you might say , &quot; invest in africa with over 1,000 languages , and it wouldn &apos;t move . &quot;
so we look at the countries and the specific materials and data .
i want to address this from the perspective of capital markets .
in tanzania last week , the standard for east biomaterials was called in life .
if i had to ask them , &quot; what was the market market in 2005 of the world &apos;s best performance ? &quot; would you think about egypt ?
because there &apos;s fascinating possibilities .
god is the journey that we all want to be inspired to be inspired and feel with the universe that celebrates life .
you kick a switch -- there &apos;s electric light .
i don &apos;t know why , but they thought so .
i &apos;m going to let that run so that they can do that , and i &apos;m going to describe my responses when i first saw that .
all right .
ok , shift , raise your right hand .
kt : yeah .
kt : no , no , no . i just look on the street .
i couldn &apos;t see through the blindfold .
again , gone .
kb : how many times did you feel that ?
let your eyes close , in five , four , three , two , one .
only if you want the pressure to leave , make a transportation , like that , but only if you want the pressure to leave .
do you want it ?
you feel a certain emotion , and if you feel the emotion , i want you to throw the glass into the bottle .
there &apos;s another thing i want to share with you .
ready ?
my hand is , here , like that , in life danger .
kb : ok . do you think he &apos;s here , yes or no ?
first of all , keith barry , as our brain can be able to be able to discard our bodies -- with a trick that &apos;s also working on the phocastast , and then he draws the audience into some stunning plastics of
me up with this .
this is not for the one of four . this is for every four .
i saw that both religious and non-religious people are equally obsessed with morality .
the baseline is almost zero if there &apos;s no stimulation of the extension .
so you get this message from the computer : &quot; person 1 has sent them that amount of money .
we showed that the gift of oxytocin increases generosity at an 80 percent properties .
i just found the molecule .
and he said to me , &quot; what should we do ? &quot;
experiments , we &apos;ve given men testosterone .
this tells us that we invented this ritual to connect with this new few emotion .
and it &apos;s very easy to make a brain of oxytocin .
to make the device run , you need many , many people .
or shouldn &apos;t you do that ?
they answered quite well , &quot; you gave us a device that works only in english , so we taught ourselves english so that we can use it . &quot;
i decided to destroy my own argument by making a ridiculous statement .
absurd . but i had to follow the victorian norm .
what is going to be tomorrow ?
we have to reverse this imbalance , to pleasure threaten .
and i think that &apos;s exactly the focus here .
i &apos;ve asked some incredible questions -- &quot; when was the beginning of the world ? how will it end ? &quot; -- nine-year-olds .
and just one last thing .
maybe we should go to the next piece , because i &apos;ve just lost the line .
spontaneous went to local cattather in uttar pradesh , and found that he was led to the official supplies as a loss .
that &apos;s why this area is uncontrolled .
polygaam is in the privileged layer , which is able to pay several peaks and lead several households .
after those four children , you see a joke younger sister who follows their children who were also killed .
and finally , there was a single one that was sitting for me , and then he went back to his participation , so i had to do it with him .
with 16 , children have to leave the children &apos;s home , even though they can &apos;t often go anywhere .
and one of the interesting things is , of course , the combination of the naked hand at the instrument and technology , and of course , what he said about listening to our young people .
now my career could take a little longer .
and i said , &quot; well , how do you hear it ? &quot;
from him , the sound comes through the reserve .
or we do this , and think that &apos;s what blindness is .
rain . not bad . not bad .
single tack . but why can &apos;t i do that if i learn a music piece ?
in this increased contagion , the dove per us of evelyn gridge shows why the listening of music is much more than sound waves on his eardrum .
and it became so big until the point where there was a cliff last year at maay &apos;s thanksgiving paradise and rick astley jumps out and &quot; rolled &quot; millions of people on tv .
but that &apos;s not the interesting thing .
cp : you &apos;re lucky that it &apos;s not going to transmit live to you .
peace and love were mentioned .
cp : yeah , but they still don &apos;t know what to think about it .
it &apos;s 10 times longer than the mammals needed to reach their maximum body size and to conquer all of these habitats .
we &apos;re very similar to the dinosaurs , and we &apos;re unusual in our neighboring attitudes to life .
basically , it &apos;s a country that didn &apos;t have containers at the beginning of our work .
this is an adult orange crocodile in his pine jaw .
paul never saw a fossil sorering .
these are all animals . there &apos;s a series of possibilities .
i became an artist and started drawing .
the question is -- and we &apos;ve been dealing with this question for centuries -- how to engage these children at science .
however , bad news for derartu tulu -- some other bankers had the same idea , among the olympic gold mechanisms and paula radcliffe , which is a tremendously , with the fastest marathon of all time .
show me an animal with flooding and gills , and then it &apos;s got to do with water .
we haven &apos;t used our physical strength because we are the largest methods in the jungle .
now , emily bayer -- one of 500 squares and bankers -- she ends up in the eighth room , under the best 10 , even though they &apos;ve gone on all the survey stations to quiet their baby -- and pick up
that &apos;s all we could do .
but maybe it &apos;s different .
stop putting the focus on this city of marathons that you have failed when you need four hours .
at robotic technology , it was always about interacting with things , not with people -- with certainly not a social way , which would be , of course , for us and people would really help accept robots as part of our daily lives .
cookie monster is very , very bad .
the revenue project was an experimentation from our group where they used three of these three different technologies to interact with the participants .
and with this technology , they can become the active participants in their grandchildren &apos;s lives , in a way that is not possible today .
and the third alternative was a simple journal with papers and pen , because that &apos;s the standard method that you usually use when you start a diet and a sports program .
another important idea is this notion of real quality of the character over the character .
i have style , lake , vision , looking really hard , because it &apos;s not going down , hearing , but getting to the u.n.
go away , not far . i &apos;m fireing , &quot; bang ! &quot; the fool falls between two separate cars .
when he wrote at a broadway show , i was front of the door .
i &apos;m going to show a number of photographs and film , but i also do tv production , books and some advertising , all with the same concept .
from photography , this taser , she &apos;s going to hide and vote and vote . what you can &apos;t have , you want more .
how you escape in the collective consciousness without knowing that at all , and how it happens .
it &apos;s very commercial .
and then you turn the photograph that he shoots on , and suddenly it becomes pretty serious and maybe less accessible .
85 percent of global illness for cardiovascular disease is in the developing world -- not in the west -- and yet , 90 percent of the resources in the west are .
just treating it . look at that situation in mauritius .
but if you tell them , so we &apos;re trying to do the same in nigeria , and then everybody goes on .
it allows existence of rural centers , and we can use the experience very cleverly .
prevention needs to be part of the solution -- that &apos;s what we care about .
and we start a biomedical engineer so we can learn local people who can fix equipment .
autism has a very large bandwidth , very massive -- the child doesn &apos;t develop language -- to brilliant scientists and engineers .
i &apos;m usually love the movie , as you &apos;ve all had my projects , and that &apos;s the tube in me .
now , what i learned early , because i was not so vacuuming , is to sell my work and not myself .
another thing is sensory problems .
in other words , to distinguish a problem with the equipment from a collaborator .
it &apos;s called the carlabean in the movie .
i made practices during the community , and i built things and learned how to do tasks .
another very powerful idea is to make the children of some of the many penguin computer specialists teach .
tg : i &apos;m passionate that the things i do is improve the world .
it &apos;s an extended reality that can connect projections and systems , or just a digital storyteller .
five times , i &apos;m standing on this coast , the colonial coast . i &apos;m looking out on the remote horizon and believing that i &apos;m going to do it , all the way across the long , dangerous wilderness of one ocean .
but it went deeper : how much life is there yet ?
and then we have our basic principles that you never really tell me how far it is , because we don &apos;t know how far it is .
but very honest : all of these talks that i had trained just to stand up the swim of swimming , they were very different .
thank you very much , and a lot of fun at the conference .
and that may be the tragic , he lost his self-esteem .
he joins the army . the army gives him a gun .
so what happens if a medium suddenly brings a lot of new ideas into it ?
they had to quickly synchronize what other natural philosophers knew , and otherwise you couldn &apos;t have the right kind of discussion .
but there was a programmer who decided that this was not the best kind of work .
each of them can take change , and they can bring them together to work , even if they didn &apos;t know anything about existence from each other &apos;s existence .
this is called a &quot; sequel , &quot; this thing on the right .
something significant that can happen to culture is that you can acquire a new argument : harnessing , vote , peer-reviewed , now that . right ?
don &apos;t try what others do to improve a little bit , because it doesn &apos;t bring them very far .
and if someone tells you that you can &apos;t , then you don &apos;t hear them .
six to nine months for the cheapest season .
but we tested this rover before we tagged them there -- or that one rover -- and made sure everything works .
so we put a space probe on the way to mars , which is called phoenix . this probe is landed in 17 days , seven hours and 20 seconds , so you can make your clocks .
and that would be bad .
we &apos;re in the process of designing the next rover that we want to send to mars .
and i know many of you have been talking about the last time that these airbags are really cool things .
there were two disabled who were particularly interested in us .
it &apos;s similar to the surface of the earth , but because it &apos;s so cold , it can &apos;t be a water , because water would be frozen .
today i want to talk about how these exponentially growing technologies are .
so let &apos;s see how exponential growing technology affects healthcare .
this is an example of this paradigm shift .
there are already wireless caragts .
and i think many of these technologies will help us be connected to our patients and take more time to focus on the important , human elements of medicine that will be augmented by this kind of technology .
but the current trend in medicine is to expand exponentially smaller .
let &apos;s come to genomics , when 10 years ago , the first human genome sequence was done , the cost of the cost of a billion dollars .
so , thanks to websites like components of me , or the management of their data on microseconds , or google health , it becomes more important to use all of these possibilities in a part of a participate way .
we used the cells from the bone marrow to treat a patient with heart attacks , and we created a better heart function and higher survival , the use of their own bone marrow , putting cells after a heart attack .
my poem is called &quot; dirty . &quot;
their cats , god knows how many who pink on their pregnant pink , their flight , a resilient profession .
how do you cross the drivers that are spreading down the street at the road , flooding , not looking at me , &quot; can you help me ? &quot;
i was scared , a oppressed part of me would get out of control , and i would be caught forever in the shocking bars of her profession .
but i fear rick comes from , and i &apos;m afraid that rick shows me .
if we love to love it all around me , i &apos;m there and not there .
we &apos;re looking for images that run attention to critical issues , images that are determined , that are transcending religions , images that celebrate us and do something , in other words , to act .
in the &apos; 80s , the stigma with this disease was an enormous obstacle to discuss this disease , or even mention them .
jonathan little : photos that changed the world
i had read a lot of books and studied land and lakecards .
i was able to see how i attacked the flag on the stick , well , well -- ahah , a glorious moment , and the music went to a crystal .
finally , in the morning of the 11th day , we got the start signal . we invited the helicopters -- two helicopters in the air flight -- which took me on the edge of the pack ice .
i knew that there were more open water bodies , and i had a secregine .
i knew that , but i had expected something .
this was the view from my tent when i got this fabulous call .
and only out of the air i saw the full picture .
and they turned around and wanted to go back to the coast , and every five died on the back journey .
and that said a jewish man , so that means a lot .
but a few days later , we thought about this with our students , and we said , &quot; what would have happened if this donor guy wouldn &apos;t have been in that condition ?
one day in 1819 , five thousand miles from the coast of the pacific , in one of the most remote regions of the pacific , saw 20 american people dropping their ship in the ocean .
but at a certain point , most of them learn to give up these visions and become adults .
they have the same structure .
some of us tend to read their fears more than others .
in fact , fear is an amazing gift of imagination , kind of bright in the everyday , one way to look at the future , if you &apos;re time to influence your appearance .
nothing happened . no violence . nothing .
we brought them in every living room in the arab world -- international , global , through our english channel .
they were separated by their people , from the masses , and now we can break them together , one after another .
thank you very much .
because we discovered it took people , and people want to be informed -- they accept the mainstream through our internet .
and frankie said , &quot; i am as a 22 to the row , and i see the needle coming to me , and there &apos;s blood everywhere .
you want to share a needle just as little as you want to share a toothbrush , even with someone you do .
so this is a view of hundreds of studies of all the high animals of the science olympics in the united states , and these are the studies that show that needle creation is effective , quite many of them .
so you can see these horrible images from africa .
now let me say , well , super prevention .
ines is a transparency use on the streets of jmapas . she &apos;s a girl with tails .
she was 105 years old when i did this photograph of her .
hey , hey , black-eyed susie , hey .
and a little bit of banjo playing . there &apos;s a little dyny coming here .
we were on the car at gatesville , texas where i spent my early childhood .
and mother was just like the car .
let &apos;s try it with this old song . i sing : there &apos;s a long range in the sky , i know .
originally from the conventional domain that later the driver built , an instrument with god body and metalfocus where the sound comes out .
well , that &apos;s easier said than done .
we weren &apos;t stupid : we put up a piece of plywood at about five feet .
when drinking drinks were new , i thought , why can &apos;t you take the oldest musical music , the hambone &quot; rhythms , and combine them with the latest technology ?
well , i think it works because scientists are connected by ethics .
it &apos;s significant to admit to something in the room because it &apos;s critical , not in terms of where other things are , but in terms of this absolute notion of space that was god &apos;s god .
and in a relational universe , the only possible explanation was that it has somehow created itself .
and you understand some things better than others , and therefore there &apos;s a virtually wealthy and giving and taking politics .
there &apos;s another tedster that spoke here two years ago , jonathan haidt defined his work in three different levels .
and let &apos;s just leave everything there .
in five months , he ends to experiment with a full clinic .
it wasn &apos;t very successful . and so on and so forth .
or philip glass or lou reed or chemical brothers who played there , they all had their own casa de musica logo .
after two weeks , three weeks , four weeks , five weeks .
slightly to mimic a little bit .
and it &apos;s a transition that has just so much to do with the identity of living , like reminding to the dead .
but the cricket and the ritual representation of wealth shows the status of the loss , and because of the family &apos;s family .
if we could expand our definition of death to contain life , we could experience death as part of our lives and perhaps meet death with something else as fear .
i wanted to end my show with a dance ...
you talk about the monkeys living monkeys , and the context , the relationship between darwinism and the fact that we &apos;re all naked , less comfortable and we can swim well .
ok , gordon , come on .
&quot; and now she &apos;s got a graat . &quot;
eight years of american history , eight minutes of my show , are just so over .
and jack nichoson says , &quot; i want to be a better person . &quot;
&quot; make this world a better place if you can .
so i predict the message : try not to extend .
where are the small ones ? &quot;
here &apos;s what people did again .
and as you can imagine , it &apos;s one thing to cut up a leg , but when you go into a museum and you say , &quot; don &apos;t you boost your saudi ?
and you might think that &apos;s a clue .
so we went down and we collected a lot , and we &apos;ve found very small animals .
so we know that torosaurus is actually an extended triceratops .
it looks like it could even get bigger .
we wanted to make a atmospheric architecture .
all the water in the world is served here , so we thought that after you &apos;re on the water , it &apos;s moving through the water and breathing water , you could drink the building too .
the drill was mounted on a robot &apos;s arm .
then you come up into this glass elevator with the curtain facade .
before and after .
this is a guy from salt lake city . this is what they look like .
&quot; drawn &quot; -- as if they were running a crime .
she &apos;s not sure this would have happened if the editor would not have been a woman .
by the way , wired magazine took it too .
analyze the news , talk to if something is missing , like the people in the new york times .
this particular plant files formaldehyde and other colorful chemicals out of the air .
m most of the time i dial in the morning when i stand up to try to figure out what will happen .
and then -- do you remember being wearing coundoe rice at a event that was criticized and criticized for that ?
pm : have you met on resistance when they did this for principles of foreign policy ?
when i was secretary of state , only 13 women were foreign secretary .
thank you for being here today .
malaria : there are eight countries in sub-saharan africa that could reduce their stakes by 75 percent .
for data friends like us , this is a ler zone , and it &apos;s fair to say that i &apos;m sexually engaged by this data collection .
to be accurate , today , in their capital city , some , in those heavy times , the treasury falls down and living living programs like the global fund .
on the contrary , it could save a lot of lives .
if we take this metaphor of a genome as a program , you have to think that chris anderson is a computer-generated object , like jim watson , craig venter , and all of us .
you make something like a cell phone , and in very abstract language you describe this cell phone .
this is normal dna that you hold for normal dna .
we heat them up , add some salt , get them almost to the point and cool them down , and during the refrigerator , the short strands fix the long , and it turns out a structure .
so this works really well , and you can build patterns as well , as well as form , okay ?
you zoom in , there &apos;s only four dna strands , and you &apos;re sitting on a single side of the boxes that can be put on other building blocks when you fit .
we have a very sensitive computer program where small changes -- tiny , individual mutations -- something that created a square of a size , and make something much bigger .
and the utility calculations are molecular calculations , and to understand that , and to get it better , to get feynman , we need to build something to understand it .
but as we saw it before , we had three keys : a world class ambulance service , which is completely self-assembling and universal for everybody with a medical emergency , regardless of its resources .
in modern times , where time is an important good , and the struggle about survival is hard , the ordinary happiness man is going to come and pay the bribe just to go on .
in my last 18 months as a lawyer , fighting small and big corruption , the case of india &apos;s biggest business agent .
sm : well , the driving costs were less than 200 rupees .
this is the global footprint of all tedx talks of the last four years , coming from new york to the little new zealand here in the corner .
in a lot of content , we usually do a couple of things to make it easier .
so we &apos;re using these networks to find unique talks , such that have a variety of different fields together , such that are essential to your subject , and those who are really creative between the fields of bridges .
no wonder it &apos;s coming up my colleagues , because the truth is hard to digest .
the janitor &apos;s work could be as good in a brahmin , like in a hospital .
ted is brilliance at ted .
so how do these things happen ?
secondly , the most famous nature of modern american school education , graphics , step for step teachers .
and they said , &quot; would you be ready to have a nuclear waste camp in your community ? &quot;
and one way to do that is not to reach more ethics courses .
why ? because they &apos;re happy to do something that is right .
bill gates talked about the importance of education and specifically about the model that delivers kipp , &quot; knowledge is power . &quot;
barry schwartz makes a passionate call for &quot; practical wisdom , &quot; as an antidote to a society that has lost in the bureaucracy . he argued that rules often lack missing , incentives , to help reconstruct the world
&quot; by the way , dean , the arm needs to fit a 50th of a female feature , so 81 inches from the little finger , and he &apos;s got to make less than four pounds .
it takes another nine to make it functional and useful . &quot;
he makes what darpa asked me .
boys and girls , you &apos;ve already given enough .
it was amazing how positive they were all .
he wants to help . he told me that he wants to go back to help his buddy .
how do we get out of it ?
it can make war like a tragedy or a farce .
ford moved out . she jumped a leg , and then the other .
in london , for 44 days , i lived in a gap with nothing than water .
and i &apos;ve drawn . in my first attempt , i didn &apos;t even hold it for a minute .
there are deep records where people can dive as deeply as possible .
he &apos;s 1.95 tall and we &apos;re taking 72k .
and i wasted oxygen from the movement .
then his main competitor came and broke his record .
and there was no way of slowing my heart rate down .
after 14 minutes , i had these terrible contracts like this need to breathe .
as a magician , i try to show people things that seem impossible .
good congratulations . you &apos;ve now finished the institution .
tamara , do you take that up ?
even now , the human may change uncertainty of the world &apos;s abuse through the abuse of its civilization .
in africa , people have passed 600 million wildlife wildlife and consume two billion kilograms of bush meat last year .
one , even if all the co2 emissions were stopped today , global warming would continue .
and then we saw a case on the east coast of the united states , and it moved more well with every year .
now there &apos;s another movement . the movement to save the earth .
pahara rings of the fifth , the picture we see here , died on it .
and i want to give you an introduction to a kind of quick introduction , which is to end with what this change means : i want to explain to you what &apos;s implications of this change and our biodiversity , but how much of
and if it &apos;s just about it , it would be really interesting .
it &apos;s still coming to this lining that is a genetically consistent chinese salmon , which is made from the interview of a gene of this leather and another mosquito , so it grows much faster with much less food .
these are actually interconnectedness and not real animals .
we took this animal out of its autonomy . &quot;
in other words , that was the first creature in the history of the world that had a parent -- it had no organic parents .
paul root wol : it &apos;s time to leave biotech
if darwin had only nasa .
melanin , in its different forms , exists probably on earth for billions of years . it &apos;s been recruited over and over again by evolution , as often as it happens .
and only over the last 5,000 years with increasing frequencies and distance .
evolution helps us .
tell it further .
and as old as an antenna , he &apos;s also wondering , so he &apos;s very complicated and very simple -- and at the same time .
then they measure ... and measure ... and measure ...
i was kind of exploring a geometry of things that didn &apos;t really have a geometry .
she took this back from 1875 to 1925 , an extraordinary era , in which the mathematics was very short from breaking out of this world .
long-term measurements , big brown movements , ... ? 1.3 .
and that kind of thing is the thing that remains it .
this was one of my most significant discoveries , which is that these islands were the same as the great ones -- at least more or less .
should you remove the chest ? should you get them ?
right ? it &apos;s got to be wax , it &apos;s very good for suit .
anybody ? it &apos;s much harder .
this can happen in a medical environment .
and why not ?
it goes back a few months later , if prices are the highest , in the so-called magician -- when food is scarce -- because they have to feed their family and they have no choice .
that leads to very high candidate .
so nearly three years ago , i decided to leave my comfort job as a senior economist at the world bank , and return to my birth of ethiopia for almost 30 years in the foreign country .
we build a system that creates all the taxes , the integrity , trust , efficiency and transparency , and the small farmers help to deal with the risks that i &apos;ve described .
we believe that these initiative great political will require , and we have to adapt the financial sector , also the it sector , and even the underlying legal framework .
and my answer to that is a sandline of sand from bacteria that &apos;s displaced by bacteria , moving through the desert .
it threatens seriously the existence of millions of people , especially in africa and china .
a problem with trees of trees is that the people in this region are so poor that they blow trees to use them as firewood .
and after the average cost of 60 dollars for the bacteria that you would never have to pay again , a cubic meter of bacterial worms would cost about 11 dollars .
in a time of population growth and increasing food consumption , it could be known as more as magnificent .
the world shows me opportunity , and i chose .
our goal is to create a funding of employment , and the way that matters and completely that it &apos;s a single conclusion dvd , which is basically a civilization-lapse dvd .
all these eggs , cyruss , bacteria , viruses can all travel into one gram of human extinctions .
it &apos;s a wonderful instrument to eliminate .
you might think it &apos;s just good karma when these men are hitting shit , but it &apos;s also economically meaningful because they save a billion dollars every year .
and with gap , she realized that the family had no toilet .
at the speed , we &apos;re going to get the goal of powering people with sanitation .
these reefs in discovery bay , jamaica , for 20 years were the most controlled coral reefs in the world .
he feeded the slaves on the anticipals . the song &quot; jamaica rewell &quot; -- &quot; ai rice salt fishing aren &apos;t nick , &quot; is a sense of the sign of the stick in the northern eastern canada .
and we &apos;ve done this over the last 100 to 150 years .
i &apos;ve talked about this millions of times , but it &apos;s incredible .
the other species of climate change is extinct to coral change . it &apos;s a beautiful picture , right ?
it doesn &apos;t sell .
and yet we are , according to our best knowledge , alone .
what i saw ? stars , satellites , blind airplanes -- typical hot sea .
and what would be behind these glamouras if they were ?
at all , i was suggested because i didn &apos;t read the novel planet at the time .
and it was so successful that it was even symbols .
faro is a living little city , and to get to the beach , she said , you &apos;d have to take a bus and then take a boat .
one of them was called joseph and he asked me after what i did , and i explained .
and so we put in the trap .
companies represent goods for households -- that &apos;s where we are -- and we provide income , and that &apos;s even better so that we can spend this income for more goods and performance .
the savings rate , negotiating savings , was under zero in 2008 , shortly before the crisis .
you can hear the thoughts of five-year-olds .
and at the same time , the solution becomes clear because it doesn &apos;t require change in human nature .
we need to actually invest in the idea of a meaningful wealth that offers the possibilities that people are developing .
first of all , it &apos;s supposed to be economists never trust , so it could be a little bit closer to your sound .
i painted it right on the man .
it was about space and light .
this photograph was taken when i visited tigers bay in alaska in 2002 to burn minister management service at the test of their procedures to see oil carpet in ice .
another aspect is that it &apos;s spread when it hits water .
and that &apos;s actually really perverse .
and then of course , there was john d. rockefeller .
it was also reasonable for the national environmental policy , the clean air act , acting clean water .
they have conclusions in politics , economics . they are entrepreneurs . they don &apos;t really want to do what they do .
if you look at people who earn 50,000 dollars in years that have two children who may have three jobs or more , and then they have to commute .
we need to have the whole thing rational , and you can find more about these politics .
the first person you certainly know .
here she tells &quot; afghan star &quot; of how their friends were holding them , not being able to do it , and they said they were going to leave their friends around democracy .
last year when i was here , i talked about my swim at the north pole .
it feels like someone &apos;s standing behind you and you &apos;re hitting a hammer all the time on your head .
and there we go , and we talked about what went wrong there on mt . everest .
blog about this , tweet about it , talk about it , and get a hundred percent , because there are very , very few things that can &apos;t be achieved if we put our whole power on it .
this is a state of state . it &apos;s a very simple computer .
can we reach a kind of self-replication behavior ?
now , what i &apos;m going to show you here is that we can make a 2d form -- the b -- in addition to a wire of components that follow extremely simple rules .
that &apos;s three minutes of uv .
and if you saw amy smith , she talks about how to get students at mit with communities in haiti .
and it may be that all the sensations of today &apos;s reality are overwhelming and connected , also the amount of problems we need to solve .
we &apos;re increasingly aware that we don &apos;t even have to deny the entire city area .
okay . i have one more .
can we connect with the natural ecosystems around us , by putting rivers more and more influenced by rivers .
as you can see , the death rate of 65,000 deaths per conflict , a year in the 1950s to 2,000 deaths per year in this decade , is so awful .
because we did something right , and it would be very good to figure out what it is .
they want the genius .
if you don &apos;t , one of those is going to be updated , isn &apos;t it ?
the developing world used soap and water , vaccine .
and now i have the foster income on this axis .
and you remember the beginning of the last century , which was very bad , to this so-called big leap forward .
see how it grows ? and how hundreds of millions and billions of millions of people escape in asia ?
here we are . we have a continuity in the world .
look . this is the world .
they get clean water . they buy food for the poor . they extend malaria .
and we need the way we look at the world with facts .
don &apos;t just make africa out of africa . don &apos;t make a fraction of it .
it &apos;s not sustainable . and it &apos;s not going to happen by superpower .
and many of you heard the word &quot; memes &quot; -- the evolution of technology is something that i give a lot of employees , so you know , one of the first things you had , was a little natext .
so my argument is basically that , well , non-zero-sum games are always part of our lives .
and that &apos;s pretty new , and i think it &apos;s going to be much worse -- this opportunity -- because of developments in information technology , in engineering technology , that can be used as weapons , like biotechnology or nanotechnology .
i do my best , okay .
&quot; yahahh is our comfort , &quot; means , &quot; he &apos;s saved the people of israle , &quot; which was a very sophisticated social structure .
we only have in six countries civil wars , which means the media only talks about six countries .
so , how should we put our money up ?
none of those countries , including africa &apos;s successful nation botswana , has ever exploded its rate .
so during this development , the africans , at the edge of development , are denied and implemented by politics in our countries .
management , mostly veterans , costs 690 billion .
we would like to interview you to this . &quot; and i said , &quot; great . &quot;
and now 14 of these diseases are treatable , two of them even holin .
so in the last 10 years , and as hope for the future , we &apos;ve seen the beginnings of a positive psychology of positive psychology : a science of what makes life worthwhile .
and i think there are three different -- and i call them different because they &apos;re starting on different interventions , and it &apos;s possible to have one instead of others -- three different happy lives .
but it turns out there was no sexual trauma .
you don &apos;t look like 7bob reytt .
and what they find out is that if they do something funny , the law of law .
when i became a therapist 30 years ago , i thought if i was good enough to make someone not depressed , fearful , not angry , that i would make him happy .
a polar bear , swimming in the arctic , took by paul nick .
but this so-called &quot; snapshot &quot; happens when all the parts combine and not just the event , but also my emotional connection .
nick -- again with a automated camera -- has shot thousands of photos here .
sometimes you can tell a rich story in concentrated ways .
we want to find solutions as well .
and then , somehow everyone runs down and jumps .
thank you .
what &apos;s more important is because this is a photograph of the process that you can see in only three seconds : we can take emily in a period of less than one afternoon and in several different faces .
emily : image metrics is a marginal , powerful animation chart .
eventually i became involved in that .
there are also some nice primates in reserve .
but i was from the west and i worked in the east .
all the time they &apos;ve been able to grow , animals kill , the forest falls down , and so on .
here &apos;s coltan absorbing , and gold .
one day we met with the supercommander .
the elephant simple , and they took the fold teeth .
i don &apos;t think anybody can accumulate google because google does the right thing , even when people like al qaeda go to google to connect .
cure barango : a hero of the fight of congo
we have , almost without it , to have noticed from a market economy to a market company .
you don &apos;t have to pay it from your budget .
i should encourage you what happened with these experiments .
democracy doesn &apos;t need perfect equality , but it needs citizens to share a common life .
overtake the u.s. as a leading nation in 1900 , where the line changes red .
we got this gift back in the &apos; 70s and &apos; 80s when women have come to employee .
electricity was helpful with women &apos;s liberation as well .
one amazing fact for technology optimists is that in the first half of the 20th century , improvement in life expectancy has gone three times as fast as in the second half of the 19th century .
this was the phrase that i took at 11 years , and i got a 2 + two .
i have some who kept a long time : five and 15 should be my side occupation , and that led to a sense of failure .
so when i look at creativity , i think it &apos;s also that sense or the uncertainty to suppress the links that i see between practically everything in life .
this is what buddhist fishermen say , because they don &apos;t actually kill a living .
and you &apos;ll notice it more often .
and i had to figure out what the story was .
how are we going to determine what the responsibility and the causes are outside a court ?
and you have to be in all possibilities , including those that i &apos;ve never looked at before .
i hope you &apos;ll see me when i need these examples , because i &apos;m actually talking about everything they could spend their time .
now there are magazines across water .
people pay the full price for both , and the only thing they have in common is they have nothing in common .
the corners go down , go down the middle , that &apos;s the big market .
these guys represent the earliest car stereo of the world .
but you don &apos;t have to be ozy osboin -- you don &apos;t have to be completely surrounded by it .
so what you have to do is find out who it is .
nine months later i recovered messages at tahrir square , because that was a picture i saw in my new feedback .
thank you .
usually the cultural legacy tends to look back and roman the past .
my first reporter for national geographic , where i realized that you can bring environmental problems in a report about the history of nature , i had sent saddroben .
these are the lions and tigers of the ocean .
and because i love sharks -- i &apos;m kind of obsessed with them -- i wanted to do another , more positive story about sharks to talk about the need for sharks .
after leaving minin , i learned that this habitat is being planned to create a new gold place .
they also go in fisheries .
but when the fish came back and fragmented seasons , and they controlled the population , grew for the forests of seasonal water .
she &apos;s now living in the jungle of suaison wain , and this is mataah , her second son , by the way , the son of the second orangutans i &apos;ve saved , doody .
it was a biological desert .
and then you look at the returns , and you start measuring what comes out .
so how do we break this cycle ?
and you need bacteria to combine the nitrogen , and without these microorganisms , there will be no performance .
humidity is 10 percent higher .
so we can really change climate .
in north sahara , it &apos;s the genomics , there &apos;s a democratic culture , so you can use justice to protect your own system .
the spiraling tribe , which fits a pack on a channels .
i &apos;ll show you one more .
resident margoin creates korean sculpture , beautiful works , that move on the pattern of rainfall , or storm storm , and in nine minutes , he &apos;s going to devote us with his medium art -- as inspired by mathematics
every city has their own design .
23 years later , we asked us to come and develop this idea .
this is the italian portal , the kitchen park , the pollen park , the japanese place , the german park .
i &apos;m going to talk about consciousness .
either it doesn &apos;t exist at all or it &apos;s something else , a computer program or something , but not part of science .
people always say that consciousness is hard to define .
you cannot doubt the existence of your consciousness .
it &apos;s a digital computer program in the brain and to create consciousness , we just have to find the right program .
we &apos;re constantly bringing objectivity and subjectivity as properties of reality and as properties of the procedures .
... don &apos;t you find ?
but i also meet people who love what they do , and they could not imagine doing something else .
we don &apos;t teach american history in britain .
teenagers don &apos;t wear libels .
maybe later , not immediate .
no , she doesn &apos;t .
i couldn &apos;t get this thing to work , no matter how often or how much i went in .
but we need to move from an industrial model to a technological model where every single school can flourish .
erez and i wanted to find out more about it .
the reason for this is that the historic report is digitized in rat speed .
and then she went up a light . she said , &quot; okay , so you &apos;re serious .
she led a group of students at a protest in the streets .
i stood up , made a tea , sat down and everything , and now i &apos;m here -- still almost paralyzed , but here .
so peace direct styles you on the back .
he wrote a book called &quot; from the dictator to democracy , &quot; with 81 properties to the massive resistance .
it &apos;s not such a cultural thing either .
in fact , chris took care of it and said , &quot; look , show you this photograph , you &apos;re going to think that you &apos;re another one of these crazy modern artists that doesn &apos;t make much . &quot;
it &apos;s an object for the mind .
and the solution that i offer is the most vulnerable to this massive lighting of the earth through humanity , and that comes out of the destruction of the biosphere .
so i said , &quot; what would t be from the counter -- call him t1 , where does it affect the impact , in the more sensitive -- call him t2 , where does it distinguish the impact ? &quot;
and he was a huge underdivorce factor on the market that has increased our revenue and revenue .
we literally won market sharing .
but five days later , back in atlanta , i received an email from glenn thomas , one of my people from the meeting in california .
so , frankly , many of us fear that the industry is threatened by technology and may be designed .
and right , do we need someone to communicate for us so that we have an experience with a mental divine ?
the arts , whatever they do , store us every time they bring us together to look at our health with grace and curiosity .
the three sisters that come out with their passionate musicians with their passionate music , they start with tedwomen , and they start with the happy and magnificent skyphone by david balavist , and then they play an astonishing ,
the manchester handful handy is named after my quarter .
he makes a lot of money by making special furniture for rich people .
we &apos;ve taken the curriculum of the american cooperation , which is the harvard of cochlear , and we created a gourmet cochlear for mothers in the middle of this millions of dollars in the middle of the inner city .
we &apos;ve realized that you have to give them flowers and eat sunlight and food and expectations and herbie &apos;s music , and so you can always heal the spiritual cancer .
these kids who were given up all over the world who fly from public schools , and that &apos;s what they &apos;re capable of , with affection and sunlight and food and good music and confidence .
and it worked very well till now .
and i &apos;m going to allow you to take the concert , and i &apos;m going to give you the music , and you should ever decide to sell you a deal that says that money is being used to support school . &quot;
this is a room that nancy wilson built in our school last christmas , last christmas .
the brown building , which you looked at , and i &apos;ll tell you where i made my biggest mistakes .
he came to me after that . he said , &quot; man , that &apos;s a fabulous story .
and so he collapsed a group of people .
bill barriland tells a calm and amazing story of redemption by art , music and unusual instructions .
and the transducer then takes the extension cells to keep the code on the brain , and the result is a retina prosthetic that produces a normal retina output .
but there was the limit factor , the problem with the code , and how to make cells better answers to make normal reactions , and so that was our contribution .
they cover us with an invisible body pollution that keeps attacks from the environment so that we remain healthy .
but when the bacteria grow and double , and they all participate in making these molecules , the number of molecules rise outside the cell proportional to the cell number .
now we know that all bacteria can talk to each other .
this is just a photograph -- a microscopic microscope .
bacteria have become incredibly medicated medicines , which is that we kill bacteria with antibiotics .
the fact is that bacteria have a collective behavior , and they &apos;re fulfilling tasks that they could never make in their own , if they only would act as individuals .
it &apos;s a great honor for me to come to this conference .
or the first one to come into the hall .
but when we think about justice , aristotle says that we need to think about , is the real nature of fundamentally activity and qualities worth taking them , advising and recognizing them .
what one reason would you have ?
charlie , what are they saying to warren ?
here &apos;s how he puts it out .
so aristotle has flutes with flutes , golf walls , and the fierce survey question of homay marriage right .
michael sandel : the lost art of democratic argument
many people said , &quot; well , you know , cities don &apos;t have us to tell us rural guys what we should start with our time .
and i think that &apos;s good -- the future human beings may make such a decision .
if that is , what does this mean for us ?
i claim that the speed of therapy disease is going to be enough .
i claim that this is nonsense .
we know that there &apos;s this threshold , because we don &apos;t get an age of aging before we get to a middle age , and even though the damage since our birth .
that means they have to do their homework to understand if this is true .
audience : hello . i read somewhere in the last 20 years , the average lifestyle of virtually every one on the planet has extended 10 years .
not one of their media has managed to do that .
we don &apos;t care how we make our profit .
they marched to the center of rejuits and put women &apos;s issues on the agenda .
i can &apos;t imagine design arguments that are the crops than the arguments that i &apos;ve learned from economists , epidemiologists and environmentalists .
the health care is a little bit scary , and you probably know a part of the argument .
four of us americans die every day of asthma , three times more like in the &apos; 90s , and almost everything comes from car damage .
he obviously had sense of humor .
politicians and marketing people are afraid of marketing ecstates as &quot; lifestyle choice . &quot;
secondly , because we &apos;ve eradicated them .
so we thought , &quot; let &apos;s try it . &quot;
you find some amazing animals there .
immediately , the government said , &quot; enough -- we &apos;ll go . &quot; and pay people to pay attention to everybody you saw .
he may think he ever born the ugly baby ever , so he may need some help from the outside .
i asked peter if something changed , and he said , &quot; no . &quot;
we &apos;re now going to want to say , &quot; africa : the next chapter , &quot; and that is it : a healthy , smiling , beautiful african .
but most of all , they need to be productive in their lives and create some kind of productive environment in our countries so that things can be done .
so we can connect this all together ?
we were on the side of the biafraan .
i had to crawl through the legs of these people , with my sister on my back to find a window .
you know , we have to use everything well .
and often i don &apos;t see any african employees among them .
the question is , how do we use use from all this good will to get us close ?
you &apos;re orbited . &quot;
we have ibm aims in nigeria with the chair factory .
and with this idea that artistic creativity is effectively a neurological product , i took this thesis so that we can study them , just as we can study any complex neurological process .
the method was applied since the &apos; 90s to study extremely complex processes .
i want to try to show this to you very quickly .
and then i &apos;m in the control room , here , games in change .
so how do you study rap scientifically ?
there &apos;s a massive brain activity going on in moving coordination .
i want to say , probabilities and statistics , that &apos;s the mathematics of games and happiness .
it &apos;s very time-consuming and it &apos;s not pleasant .
but hold the thought for the entire time of eight seconds .
in games and virtual worlds , for example , their facial expressions , of course , can be used and intuitively used to control a avatar or virtual character .
otherwise they prefer very quickly . and without a stable strength , it &apos;s not possible , so children die .
another statement of esther was that we react when it comes to a tragedy like haiti , but this is an ongoing tragedy .
it &apos;s created by the malaria parasite , and it &apos;s a very interesting crystal substance .
we have every street , every village , almost every square of madagascar .
in your bloody player , a very cheap blue laser is a very cheap blue laser .
audience : aye .
the interesting thing is , even though we &apos;ve skied all the time , we &apos;ve never managed to take the wing down in the air .
this is the restaurant lawn house .
this orange tree that you see here is actually growing in an author that &apos;s turned off from the outside and to be resisted by the outside .
so , water is an important aspect .
&quot; metal , &quot; and &quot; earth &quot; is still up .
the idea is not exhibited .
they don &apos;t even enjoy the show .
thank you .
i could show you this animal here .
once it touches the water , you should hear how air disappears .
once we sequenced these two genomes , we asked ourselves , if this is the smallest genome of one self-assembling species , could there even be a smaller genome ?
moreover , we realized that once that worked , a real opportunity would have been , if we could get the synthetic chromosomes to do it in the same way .
care is for uncomfortable .
the last end is a quote by robert feynman : &quot; what i can &apos;t construct myself , i can &apos;t understand that . &quot;
but in fact , we live here in the northwest very close to the actual notion of the paradise of paradise , 36 times as &quot; gardens , driven by fluid streams . &quot;
but the more you add , the more it seems lost .
and that number 72 never comes before .
this is a nest of a ride colony , and this is the nest entrance .
this is a colony that &apos;s been founded by a queen in the previous summer .
the patrollers -- that &apos;s a lump of a lot -- are an interesting group . they go out early in the morning before the first group goes to foragers .
and most interestingly , it looks like about half of the ant colony just doesn &apos;t do anything .
the nest maintenance workers just take all the containers and bring them to the straight edge of the nest entrance and put it there .
the foragers somehow decide not to come out .
and we &apos;ve done experiments that show that the longer an ant stops outside , the more the simple hydrocobons changes on its surface , which is that they smell the ants in different ways that they do different work .
they decrease the entire earth , outside of antarctica .
here you see that the cost of all of this for the world is about 89 million barrels of oil , and the annual cost is three trillion dollars .
and that &apos;s what we do for four percent of the world &apos;s population .
it doesn &apos;t have anything to do with it .
i &apos;ve figured out where to use the natural gas .
and when i get into the wind business , natural gas is nine dollars .
why don &apos;t you worry about that ?
so , just 500 million were destroyed .
never dropped ground , or something like that .
tbp : i lost 150 million of the wind . okay ?
some have 5,000 . many have more .
there were dotcom fever . and there was gold fever .
wet . life is an event . tell it to the world .
these are work in louman manhattan where you built with the first electrodepoint .
these were in maybe six different colors .
i mean , you didn &apos;t want this thing to be the light bulb .
a friend of mine told me this story : they didn &apos;t just have and had to wait , but then the professionals had to go when they were there , for the third time , they had to call someone .
so sometimes i &apos;m going to use a more clinical language , and so you may not be able to get the heart of the heart like other talks about compassion .
and here &apos;s the basic idea that miracle leads to good actions for people who are going to reject it .
basically , if you &apos;re my enemy or your rivalries , if you &apos;re not my friend or your family , i tend to tend to apply the golden rule to you . okay .
so , the results are coming up . that &apos;s a zero-sum game .
every form of interdependence , non-zero-sum relationship , forces to recognize the humanity of the other .
and they then explain to you , the other people think that america is not respected and they want to dominate them , and they hate america .
most of the diseases correspond to poverty , but in the case of cancer in children , the children who died of cancer were usually coming from wealthy families .
a child died a week ago , but nothing changed .
because you simply don &apos;t take that kind of energy and time when it doesn &apos;t really care .
so he didn &apos;t really want to say something .
openness is not the end .
now , the dominant creative morality would say that there &apos;s a single oncogene in a single cancer cell , and it makes you a vacuum .
what does that mean ?
we found a kind of liquid material that took correct matrix , and we put the cells in , and we put the cells in there , and it &apos;s about four days ago , and you &apos;re looking at what we &apos;ve created in a
and of course , we now ask ourselves , where are we going ?
and so i want to conclude with a poem .
we &apos;ve got a high-tech journalist who was caught at staff ; a young star author , his book , contains so many quotes that you took it out of the shelves ; an extraordinarily about fake reviews in the new
it sounds a little bit like a strange book , but it &apos;s actually new types of lying .
he wrote very , very positive reviews about themselves . surprise !
you gave four good friends of one person whose personality .
that &apos;s really bad . why is it so bad ?
i can look at lying ; they used to talk , and then i kept talking .
they told me how big the bath was , or said the malls are like this , and so far from the hotel .
woman 2 : right there . okay , glass , take a picture !
and you want to keep your eyes free .
but it really opened my eyes , how often i made me out of life for emails , social networks and so on , even though there wasn &apos;t anything really important or urgent .
i read peter and the wolf with this beautiful band of juillard .
and everybody who turned around , i went behind it .
at least for me , because if i do the same thing , i &apos;m very , very boring . i &apos;m very quickly .
i look at me as ... i don &apos;t know than what i see .
are you going nervous , as a soap ?
im : do you care ? you look so cute .
anyway , i &apos;m not saying it &apos;s good , but just that it &apos;s not boring , ok ?
if you have formed the watches too long , it becomes buttermilk .
i call it the era of citizenship -- where people are in different race or ethnic groups , but as citizens can all be equal to the same .
in egypt , i was eventually discovered .
this one was studied in london , and he was trained in yemen and got an airplane in amsterdam to attack america .
there are no ideas and narratives and leaders and symbols that are applying to democratic culture on the ground .
as an anecdote , we can show that if poverty would be the only factor , well , bin laden &apos;s family is one of the richest families saudi arabic .
what happened there was a political coalition that was built for a political goal , and that was to release the leaders .
these tools are only becoming socially interesting when they &apos;re technically boring .
it puts the boundaries of the individual networks and then you color them .
and because of the social interconnected , chinese students who studied in the foreign foreign , or companies from the rest of the world had the office in china , there were people around the world listening to this news .
and finally , the chinese were burning through .
we are more and more in a media landscape in media , social , ubiquitous and cheap .
but considering everything , i &apos;m still going to agree as i did .
on my fourth abundance everest , a comet moved over the mountain . hypothermia .
this is a view of the ice kitchen . the first 2,000 feet of climbing is from base camp .
and this is in camp 4 .
and there were climbers on this summit ridge .
we also got the bad news that beck brothers , another climbers collapsed in this storm in the snow and died .
it &apos;s so thrilling to work up there , that i could sometimes put sympathy right through the clothes .
these climbers were snaindind .
and i can just mimic how he did that .
and so he &apos;s going to turn back into action .
this is shelitpas , the golden bombsight .
and the fourth thing that &apos;s extremely significant to me is , &quot; ideas that we need to participate in . &quot;
but today , after 60 years , by the entrepreneurial rise , entrepreneurs become role models . and they are carrying in great terms to society .
it was a lot of people who wanted to introduce democracy because they were bringing ideas , from the universal election , parliament and constant and so on .
the third thing is again the cities .
the second is business policy that we have that makes entrepreneurs so difficult to create standardized jobs in companies that are 93 percent of indian jobs in the organized area .
so if you &apos;re a young country , again , you have the opportunity to introduce a modern retirement system , so you don &apos;t have the tough issues when you get older .
you have to have a clear strategy , which is important for india and important for the world .
so the government decides to vote again .
even though some people on the left don &apos;t like to hear it , it was actually the revolution of markets that went out and said , &quot; the government has no idea . &quot;
they don &apos;t fear masses anymore .
so this whole constructive mistrust between the people and the ones that they present .
three-dimensional .
each of these cocaine would be statistically captured for two years after the prison .
david cameron invested 20 million pounds in a social outcom in a social outcom , to support this idea .
cosmo ecles : investment in social change
i work . &quot;
why ? are you too tired to get to the wine ?
so even if i &apos;m with my friend named jack there , i say , &quot; well , yeah , jack . serve , jackus , jack . &quot;
if you haven &apos;t figured it out , my name is tom thum , and i &apos;m a gap . that means that i &apos;ve just heard everything you just heard with my voice , just with my voice .
and finally , with this one on my right , i can let my sound back again , again , again , again .
our people had to try about 5,000 different mixes to find the right ones .
don &apos;t listen to those who say you can &apos;t do that . everybody can do it .
on the right-hand side there &apos;s an ultrasound to see .
and i &apos;m going to give you some examples .
you see the blue poed out of the wall .
his wife said it was &quot; the happiest day in her life . &quot;
a lot of these patients are taking sight .
the results are better than the surgical ones .
he can stop the surgery every time and instantly .
canal street , i know .
and that is where they really get a lot of their creative inspiration , so it &apos;s a industry that goes in both directions .
and so you want to go to the next trend and you want to go as quickly as you can .
and their jokes , like the fashion design models of a fashion designer , works really only within this aesthetic .
you need a lot of lawyers for that , and a lot of time in front of court , and the conventional people decided that that would be much too expensive .
these are the two mainly binary areas within the copyright logic of the copyright logic .
and i want to thank you to really thank for this point of bonoota juriquan that she made this very mosquito presentation .
once a boat brought me to a remote sketch , and i realized that the archeologists i was going to meet was not .
i think this is one of the most exciting and robust things on the planet .
there are a lot of ancient oil plants in the u.k. all over the u.k. , once you calculate , you &apos;ll notice that the power was there before the churches .
here &apos;s the cloning capuchin bush , which is about 12,000 years old .
i hope that by finding these organisms , they can help pay attention to their remarkable robust , and they can contribute to the protection of their continued longevity in the middle of the future .
let &apos;s put it in something else .
20 years later , criminals are still using mobile phones , but they also make their own mobile phones like this , which is used by the drugs carrot mechanisms in all 31 states .
what did they do with it ?
now what could terrorists do today , with now available technology ?
recently , the fbi had arrested an al-qaeda member in the united states that wanted to put these remote controls to transport the transportation of the c4 explosives in the united states in the united states .
as we see here , we turn to cybgs .
now mortality is 70 percent when you get it , but that &apos;s hard .
there are so many people killed that the only immediate funeral is in not labeled grasses like this here outside of gruddad judoz .
but on the other hand , i hear people hear about fear , a certain aversion of risk .
and unfortunately , in 1999 , when they worked in columbia with the u.n. &apos; 90s , the goal of preserving their culture and language with two other colleagues from the guilty of the farther and killed and killed and killed .
and there &apos;s no group that would be pregnant for this type of manipulation as young men .
patient capital is uncomfortable for the people who are looking for simple solutions , easy categories , because we don &apos;t look at profit as just a tool .
but the entire community , all different sequences , also the saha and sunni , would sit together and pray . &quot;
because the wednesson , if you &apos;re full of the sheet , it &apos;s beautiful , it &apos;s green , it feeds the world , it feeds up to the sky . &quot;
but no faces ?
okay , now let &apos;s look at these three portraits .
i tried to make my wife a little bit of joy .
why do i ask for my wife not own , regional producers ?
but here &apos;s the problem . because a company makes a combination of cotton and it works .
muruganth : i see this thing in my wife &apos;s hands , &quot; why are you using a gun like this ? &quot;
now 110 countries can access it . okay ?
and it was so beautiful that i &apos;ve been there over the last seven years .
then i took a huge amount of training . i swam in ice water .
in fact , it happened that the cells in my fingers were frozen and detected .
and my good friend david saw how i thought , and he came up to me and said , &quot; lewis , i know you since you &apos;re 18 years old .
the idea that they could die in 30 , 40 years is a very terrifying thing .
england , america , japan , south africa , congo .
it &apos;s about 380 trillion gallons of oil oil today on earth that can still be closed and supported .
now that could be the end of the story -- okay , we just replace this with conventional , renewable raw materials -- but i think at the moment that the story is even more .
very special material that the seaears make , millions of season , all the time , every day , every year .
and the idea of that was basically that i &apos;m the paintbrush in the hand of great personalities that come and i would interview .
but i wanted interviews that are different .
in fact , my first interviewer george abbott , who was 97 years old , and abbott was full of harnessing -- i think you can define it .
we know the great shit , we know the great moments , we know what we don &apos;t want to share , and the point of the thing is to not make anybody ridiculous .
when we were alone , i was her listener .
it wasn &apos;t that armpress , but it was a surprise for my conversation report .
he said , &quot; but i understand that . i can understand that . &quot;
half of the body was gay , the other didn &apos;t .
this is a mammal angle in kathdudu , nepal .
i don &apos;t want to do beautiful things .
there &apos;s a certain kind of treatment ; it &apos;s called an exchange fusion .
it &apos;s not the painting we had painted , but what we actually draw .
another example : again , a stupid mother .
thank you .
no , we talk about 10 million , 20 million dollars on the swiss bank , on the bank in love stone , from the mines of the president , the high levels of the state areas .
she &apos;s even incident .
now most of the big companies are now convinced that they need to use very strict policies against bribes and so on .
if you want to go into a restaurant , if you look at the psychopath , you expect them to order everything on the map ?
and that was the first time i thought that expression actually reflected on her face , which holds it from him .
well , it divides his life up .
this french painter of the 18th century was known for his wildlife , but also people .
unfortunately , this delise spends most of the time with a series of other orphans in the archive , and some of them are beautiful paintings .
the first time i was wearing it at a remarkable dinner that their parents gave us to honor .
&quot; i congratulate you with your own wedding , james .
my father also lived most of his adult life in east africa .
i would like to show you six minutes .
lancet imasions : but our movies , they are stories that our people can identify .
so it can really bring a young man out there , and he has to think about some negative things and think about all of this , or any unvirtually good behavior .
frank schichi : so much time , to say so much time .
i think this is really the issue of this event .
frank , you &apos;ve described this as the third largest industry industry in the world .
it &apos;s basically a cd . it &apos;s a compact .
now the art critic . oh , that was fantastic .
that was really fantastic .
video games can be very deep , even if they &apos;re completely spiritual .
we show &quot; portal , &quot; because you &apos;re shooting on walls to create new spaces .
so time , space , aesthetics , and then , most important , behavior .
on the way , i had to break some bridges behind me .
it all refers to the scholars and students who were the first meeting to say they &apos;re being depressed .
so i made some sketches on napkins -- little boxes and morii things that i typically drew .
it &apos;s one of the most beautiful pieces i &apos;ve ever done .
this beautiful object , the swiss army knife , to me is a participation .
and one day i had one -- oh , vice versa .
i &apos;ve made the invitation and the copper very thin so that it &apos;s flowing .
and this is my cafeteria .
and it reminded me why i was so intense about things like my house .
she never got done .
the dome was a wish of scholarship .
it was an attempt , this thin piece of land -- it &apos;s 30 at 76 feet -- turn into an ant by separating these areas and taught the living and dining in this pavilion with a high space in it .
they call this plan colony .
here it is .
from the building in the background , it appears to be overwhelming iceberg in the mountains .
our contributor doesn &apos;t want galleries , so -- and when we met our new acousticians , he told us that this was the right shape .
in barcelona , i was asked to make a fish , we &apos;re working on the foot of the ritti carlton , which was built by skymore , beiwing and merrio .
can &apos;t we make clean cooking fuels ?
and one of the things that they found was they didn &apos;t broke .
and these are our homemade briquettes .
and he compared the problem of health care from burn wood and coal .
it &apos;s a place where if this was india , in this room only three of us would have a car .
so you can &apos;t use the same concepts like the u.s. to promote things .
there &apos;s a big difference .
after surgery , everything is normal .
now this is not surprising . but we also asked them to rate their honesty and intelligence , kindness and aggressive .
he married . he had a son called jerusua .
is this business with our extinction and our employment with this a western phenomenon ?
now i want to tell you a little bit about the operations that we &apos;re doing , how far we are and where we want to be .
we can replace the underlying bone structure , but we &apos;re not very far with replacing face skin .
my topic is the food in schools , because this is about social justice .
and the next is bio-food .
people are always talking about sustainability , but we should find out what &apos;s at all .
you know that all of you think you have to eat more and more ?
and they got out , hey , we can sell the stuff to children .
and this is a typical food plan .
the things that we might perhaps do at home and think about it as important , we need to teach children in schools .
we need to raise the employees .
by the way , this 8 billion is two dollars and 49 cents -- so much money is ready for lunch .
as a little girl , my grandfather was sitting on a hot summer days with me in the sun .
when i go to a party and people ask me what i do , and i say , &quot; i &apos;m a professor , &quot; your eyes become matt .
i want to know your self-security , all about your earliest creatures , undermine -- that you are a professional in things like your own consciousness .
don &apos;t break the tension . i want to be smart .
it &apos;s a documentary in games of consciousness .
when i got closer , i expected to recognize all the details of most people , their clothes and so on .
how do you know that this was what they did ?
do you see it ? who of you don &apos;t see it ? that &apos;s going to help .
we start paintings . some examples .
this morning , jeff hawkins described his efforts to bring a good , big theory into neuroscience .
and the traffic zone in london said , &quot; what do you mean , &quot; who is in charge of london , &quot; i mean , no one &apos;s in charge . &quot;
now , congestion charges were introduced in stockholm on january 3th , 2006 , and the first picture here is a picture of stockholm , a typical street on january 2th .
so , we made this enormous demand with a lot of traffic and trying to figure out who changed and where they disappeared .
and then i went east east for 20 years -- eastern europe to central asia -- through the mountains of the caucasus , middle east , north africa , russia .
what do we know from the interpretation of the taliban that will be fixed to the doors of people , the car , sending their daughters to schools like bhyh ?
the world changed .
i was in my office , my desk was tied up , i had the blue tsunami carpet on the walls .
and there were even two of them .
there was really something .
how amazing is that ?
now i &apos;m just going to talk about some other patients that do everything in their power , to improve healthcare .
and then i realized that the side of google earth reminded me where we can fly to every address .
we are , you are the most intervened resource in healthcare .
acceleromomoof seawater is a membrane of water .
here &apos;s the resolution . wonderful creature , right ?
they don &apos;t take their environment to help from sound waves . i &apos;m talking about the air dogs .
in the united states alone , the annual cost of 22 billion u.s. dollars would go away , so bats don &apos;t have us wealthy .
why should we care about aging at all ?
if you go out here and look at the night sky and see this beautiful flying animal , i wish you would smile . thank you very much .
europe had to be triggered into economic development .
the boom of the raw materials is not all of all , but many countries of the bottom billion .
so what &apos;s wrong ? why is there what &apos;s called the resource trip ?
and so the countries need the bottom billion a very expressive politics .
and some economists just came back in time and said , &quot; why don &apos;t you try an auction ? it will reveal the value . &quot;
at that moment , there are a billion people in poor or failed countries , and how can we help them ? the economist paul collier provides a press , compassionate plan that we can close the gap between arm and rich .
we have no containers where they &apos;re being made .
here he &apos;s using a english arctic surgeon in africa &apos;s substance , which is necessary to do minimum invasion survey .
so what we did is , imagine if you were a lecture , and you could talk to people at the same time in their mother &apos;s language .
&quot; foundation of labels of labels .
14 years ago , i first came up with this ordinary material , fish net , which has been the same way for centuries .
he asked me if i could build this as a permanent piece of the city .
so we experimented with small atoms of water particles to create a dry fog , which is shaped by wind , and it turns out that it can be shaped by people who interact with it and move through it without being switched .
they were in their business chairs in the grass , watching the changes of the winner side of the winner side of people they didn &apos;t know and shared the miracle of miracles .
and so i realized that this is an enormous risk for our society .
when peter moves his arm , this yellow spot that you see there is the very appropriate place of the activity that was remembered in peers .
if you do this , what will you want to control ?
and to say that these changes can also exist beyond death , even a claim of a fact that can course be true or wrong .
now let me point out what i don &apos;t say , i &apos;m not saying science can represent this space , or that we &apos;re going to have scientific answers to any imaginative moral question .
now why wouldn &apos;t this be an objective morality ?
what &apos;s the probability that this is a peak of human development ?
on the left-hand side , you see edward cnaf .
we live in a world full of destructive technologies , and these technologies can &apos;t be invented , it &apos;s always easier to break , when they collapse together .
but then we have to talk about well-being in a larger context .
and what is your natural enemy , what is the means of the good-graders of the good caves that we talk about ?
she &apos;s a parasite , not a basket , but a parasite fake , two mms long , sleek , rapid and robust flying .
and for example , if we put these good flowers in a package of water , they go to the blooms .
for example , in israel , where we &apos;re on 1,000 hectares -- that corresponds to 10,000 israeli doams -- using biological damage to sweet phases , 75 percent of the pesticides were saved .
thirdly , to increase the farmers &apos; minds for the potential of this business patient .
automobiles is one of my specialists .
it &apos;s more funny to make about the brain spectrum fun than anybody else . i often do it .
&quot; urban barrier &quot; -- that &apos;s what new yorker needs .
her one name was fair wray , and so that was -- i wasn &apos;t proud enough to say , &quot; take the drawing . &quot;
or the collapse of the soviet union only found a couple of decades , maybe within a decade after time when the soviet union was most powerful .
because there are 80 percent out there that really eats insects .
they are at the beginning of food control .
why do we actually do these balls in the soup , but is there meat anyway ?
it &apos;s 25 kilos per person a year .
until now , we &apos;re going to take one , or five kilograms .
we can increase them a little bit on the rainforests of the rainforest , but it &apos;s soon to give a limitation .
and you might think , well , they &apos;re not available yet .
not started my three minutes yet , right ?
and he said , &quot; allison , we have to put them on the table .
and i saw a sign .
even when canadians go down the system , they do it in a way that comes to society .
and in this book , the little lewis would find the big idea .
this is a linear instrument , and on the back there are some other players , measurable tools , and scales to make some calculations . okay ?
right . so , that &apos;s how the device is used .
there is a quality of craftsmanship and precision that is just amazing and remarkable .
so the first robot i want to talk about is called strider .
this is just used to show that if you have cameras or other sensors because it &apos;s high , it &apos;s eight feet tall , you can see about obstacles on topics and the ones .
for example , in this case , even though the left and the right wheel is connected to one axis , so fast fast .
welcome to romela , the robot mechanics of mechanics of virginia technology . &quot;
but the cool thing about this is the intersection .
let &apos;s see how he does it . this was our first attempt , and ... to go ...
but what is the secret to our success ?
but talking about a spark of imagination is not enough .
that kind of education is very important .
inner environments that become marine banking .
there &apos;s basically no pool of good qualified teachers , and only eight percent of the county has a car or a higher degree .
there &apos;s a complete empty on creative capital in bertie county .
the goal of the game is to have all the teams sitting on the bars , then the team won .
but in the last couple of decades , there was a lot of money that was determined for collaboration , entirely away .
and go outside and interview the neighbors about what food they buy and where , and why , is a homework .
in this one , it &apos;s not possible to create big cave surfaces .
i want to invite you to follow my journey of thinking and discovery .
and after four months of rain , it &apos;s going to jump out , and now it &apos;s eight months dry .
here &apos;s some results .
this global act in the same terms of climate change is like fossil fuels , maybe even more than that .
when i learned from those two things , that was very , very personal , both for personal reasons and for scientific reasons .
it has a very well-designed peculiar eye center that was partly funded by the roaltop mcdonald foundation .
after treatment , we let the child make a series of simple coral respects to see how his vision adjusts .
and the answer is in motion . that &apos;s what i want to show you in the next video .
i had to argue for a long time with my wife .
we &apos;re pursuing this research , and hopefully i &apos;m trying to report more results .
and then i heard from these light tanks for physically disabled staff , and i thought , oh i don &apos;t know , but before i judge about it , i &apos;m looking at what this is like .
but that was in &apos; 95 , and then when the winter broke down , he said , &quot; you know , you &apos;re good enough .
ss : so , it made aimee to the paralyzing of 1996 , and she &apos;s very excited . her family travels with -- it &apos;s a big thing .
i tried anybody who i could ask against who , against what profiles , so against who i am here ?
i always won everything , and now i thought , what ?
you can be 2.4 grand . just take it off . &quot;
morative : aimee and designers will be 2 , and we &apos;ll talk about design .
they had someone who came over and dropped the shoes .
but it &apos;s almost impossible to make the actual losses of the economy unless we use copyright math .
or about 75,000 jobs .
and another thing about mathematics : math sometimes looks like math -- like in this example here -- and sometimes it doesn &apos;t -- like , am i drunk ?
in math education , we use about 80 percent of the time to teach people how to do three of them .
when people ask me , is that true ?
but autonomy in cars allowed them to separate these things , so that &apos;s what driving is going to be something different than building a car and learning its warning .
completely wrong .
but i think we can do both at the same time .
and one of the reasons why this is so important -- so , it &apos;s very important to engage computers in the exams .
it was winter 2009 , and i &apos;ve been blind for about a year .
i was particularly thinking about my father who was wiped out because of complications of a surgical procedure on the brain .
similarly , just by the handle of the stick that can end up with the remaining nature of the floor , and over time , there &apos;s an idea of where you are and you &apos;re being charged with it .
but when i was blind , and the broadway went along , i was blessed at every corner .
if you design a city in the sense of the blind , there will be many , many jobs .
to give you a sense of that experience , the article was called &quot; i do so . &quot;
and the pregnant of the famous ones i knew -- the 10 commandments , love your next , be fertile and mesh ...
you give money for a good purpose , and you develop emotional framework on the purpose .
she &apos;s not a book that was written and came out of the sky .
so , in fact , this is the key to me to remind myself that on the way here , the car didn &apos;t move over here , and i didn &apos;t go up to the stairs .
that was very inspiring to me .
so if we want to regain this book any meaning , we really have to let us go and burn it .
so we have this wonderful progress .
the academics who were doing this work thought that was too innocent , so we &apos;ve developed more serious applications like this optical prototype , which is going to be the cape of a dental patch on a package to laser
alex worked on a small , a little obstacle , independent art service called minority report for steven game , and invited us to develop a interface that should be used in the movie .
we &apos;re doing this boeing operation through because we like yellow and tapre on green grades .
let &apos;s pull that apart : i &apos;m going to bring it into explosion .
we , as people , are those things , and we should make sure that our machines help us and build on it .
john , thank you so much for making science fiction fiction .
what okolloh did would not have been possible without digital technologies .
but here &apos;s the point . the alroad creative act is still a creative act .
but the institutions that are being put from this black line , said , &quot; we &apos;re going to change this decline right now .
they &apos;re created by the members of the community for each other .
and like all good soup opera , she makes a leap of 20 years when she &apos;s interested in the interest of the audience .
you don &apos;t always have five days . so change , and we started playing 50 oak crickets .
india didn &apos;t want to play with the 2020 world cotton .
the other was indian cricket .
was that the new india ? this was another world where you could get players from anywhere , until you got the best player for the best price .
we &apos;ve all seen games in calcutta , but that &apos;s what we &apos;ve never seen before . shawkh khan brought the audience with a begalic song to january , not for india , but for calcutta .
could you imagine that that day would come ?
hopefully , i &apos;ve made each one of them to make an experience richer , and the game of popular and hopefully gives you the cricket of cricket for a longer time to work in this business .
and you know that the word dogs is because they have raped quickly in memory , how often they saw dogs and pigs on the rope .
why on earth should any lottery play any lottery ?
on the other hand , if you can go to a developing country , and buy a gourmet male for 25 dollars , it &apos;s a window prize for a big mac .
would you spend 20 dollars on a ticket of 20 dollars ?
i &apos;ll give you an example .
and if the way to the other end of the city is 100 mice , it &apos;s worth 100 mice , and it &apos;s worth 100 mice , but people don &apos;t think that way .
well , the big one is enormously impatient .
watch what happens when we leave out .
dan , i would love to hear more . so you say our answer to terrorism is , i mean , is it kind of a mental mistake ?
there are no weapons going down there .
and so some people look at economists as stupid people .
the issue and variation is one of these kind of kind of intellectual activity that needs a certain intellectual activity , because you compare the variation of the subject that you have in mind .
&quot; in words and fashion , &quot; the same rule of words , in fashion , is fantastic if to new or too old , not the first thing that &apos;s trying to do the same thing , and the last one is the old one . &quot;
and i woke up one day and said , &quot; well , maybe it &apos;s not like that ? &quot;
first of all -- my willingness to express a critical audience without suggesting i &apos;m too safe .
it &apos;s my intention of advising the poster literacy , if you haven &apos;t understood it yet .
so in the vast hand , it &apos;s safe to survive our survival .
jews often have an unpleasant sweet smell .
when the room , we could see that people express more negative attitudes to gay men .
it &apos;s like i &apos;ve come home to talk about what i &apos;ve done in those 20 years .
it feeds my mind and my soul .
they &apos;re shit .
there &apos;s a young director , hollywood director , with his friends , other filmmakers , and they talk about what cinema means .
without food , i became sick .
we don &apos;t need any problems to get the idiots out !
our government was corrupt .
so for me , the thought that we have all these children , it &apos;s a generation , we have a whole generation of children who had to do so much psychological or damage , and africa needs to live with it .
through the whole book , more than an hour of documentary and interactive animations and interactive animations .
so what &apos;s business ?
it at least seem that you could still remain very , very much more true .
so i thought , &quot; yes , that &apos;s probably a good idea . &quot;
they &apos;re still talking about it .
when i came from college , i worked in southern california contexts , and they used to be used to the spanish colonial bank on the roofs and things like that .
rsw : what does his time plan look like ?
the project -- they interviewed me for the interviewer and sent their technical tools to bilbao .
i reminded that .
and the guy looked at me and said , &quot; so , what can i do for you mr. gehry ? &quot;
if you take three months to go around for four months , the ideas become more clear and more alive .
and one thing i wanted to mention in my happiness , but somehow missed , was to thank all of the companies that helped me drink .
but in the meantime , these things are going on tails .
and this is 10 weeks later , by hand embracing .
you see the trains , the flowers .
the cocophony of style and things are remarkable , and this is what should be the virtue .
it &apos;s an incredible user , 15,000 workers , i think five domes , and the sixth is built here .
that level of work is about the 1,500 workers .
50 percent of the computers in the world land for recycling in china .
it was quite unusual , so stefan , that less than five percent of advertising had a picture of the main issue .
and wish three is : max movie . i was told to make myself a person , and i always wanted to work with something like that .
and it gets increasingly important that we can figure out how to win these resources from these extremely complex waste currents .
the traditional ways of separating material doesn &apos;t work for art .
traditional way of making plastic is about oil or petrochemicals .
at the end of this process , we have a mixed plastic composition : many different types of art and many different qualities of plastic .
now i see a lot of grasses out there .
and what we see is that people tend to deal with errors in the same way again and again .
maybe we should study how monkeys make economic decisions and see if they &apos;re the same stupidity as we do .
here &apos;s mayday . she &apos;s going to turn a redton against food and wait happy , and get her food .
she &apos;s waiting something impatient that the market opens .
now imagine that i press each one of them 1,000 ups of dollars in your hand -- so 10 naked hundred dollars .
you can either choose a risky loss -- like , i throw a coin . you &apos;re going to lose a lot of a coin .
if we made the same scenarios in our little monkeys , would they do the same things as people ?
the person on the left is a safe loss .
maybe it &apos;s not just people at the last stage of development that make stupid errors .
and that &apos;s the catch .
but when we think about wooden , they &apos;re usually just four stories tall .
we need less with concrete and steel , and we need to build higher . recently we &apos;ve worked on 30 fossil buildings .
that &apos;s as much as we would have 900 cars in a year of 900 cars .
cheaper curtains made my windows .
maybe even &quot; citizen &quot; because recently they went up to fight the demise of justice . the citizens of these networks work together to help each other .
siberia , the largest and oldest bank in russia , largely in the owner of the russian government , uses crowdsource to take employees and citizens into the development of innovations .
we &apos;ve heard talks at ted about people who have hacked their plants with arduino , and motorian works on motivating young people around the world , creating websites and turning videos .
and so i started thinking that the eternal mother always asks , &quot; are all the children there ? &quot;
that &apos;s compassion .
he asked them to cross one message , and all of the readers in their own language were in their own language , which was a version of the golden rule , &quot; what you don &apos;t want you to do , not to do it either .
being a pastor means to take these individual needs .
and we &apos;re doing this with some examples .
there are over 180 messages in washington d.c.
it &apos;s already taken by parks and sculptures .
it &apos;s made by silicon best fiber .
there are also some limitations about its lighting .
the bubble is an antibiotics .
i saw my aunt raped when i was only five .
one of the things i experienced when i was trying to eat my friend , because we had no food , and we were the 400 ones .
as a child so young and zart , words that i can &apos;t forget , not forget .
this is my story , shared in form of a lesson of memory .
my breakfast , my lunch , i &apos;ll give a foundation that i started , because we want to build a school in sudan .
give us tools . give tools to farmers .
audience : aye .
the third chapter is a more complicated right now called &quot; fundamentally heapas corporus prostate procedure . &quot;
that means more than 60 percent are for that .
we best solve this task by extending the problem of death sentence .
and even if that happens , it &apos;s not too late .
i remember none of the time when i was five years old .
santa claus knows whether you were something like that or not . right ? &quot;
but julie , you were so ready for school . you were so ready . &quot;
they looked at each other and smiled , in the sense , that was the right answer , and then they said , &quot; do you think we all are brothers and sisters on this earth ? &quot;
maybe the greater ability to cooperate and adapt ?
i think this film shows the hardest look at modern times : &quot; the roll . &quot;
in world war ii , we had a lot of stuff to produce .
but we can &apos;t forget that it needs a fundamental contribution , and that &apos;s how many resources we use on the planet .
now , the good news !
it may be in latin america .
and at this point , skeptics and denial of climate change are in appearance .
a couple of years ago , we did a project for the science ministry , a big program called the prevention -- with many , many people -- many experts involved -- everything supported -- a thick line .
a group of people employ them to spend it on themselves , and the other group should spend it on other people .
when they went from the first building to the second , everybody went over to a man who was curved and announced , and needed a help , and they needed the question : did they pray and helped ?
the word is &quot; pizza , &quot; a combination of &quot; puzzle &quot; and &quot; adaptation . &quot;
there &apos;s a wonderful book called &#91; about &#93; stuff : the hidden life of general things .
and since then , four decades ago -- i &apos;ve been training with the best in this area , in the world , in the world , did a young and old , organized , collaborated , choreography , and then a rich network of art
and i found this in my dance , my dance , my strength , my energy , my passion , my real life force .
i was dancing between chemotherapy and radiation cycles , and i put it in my performance .
well , it was essentially frustration .
that &apos;s what it was like .
and he put them together , and he combined it to something more interesting , and then he put it into this software that i think she had originally developed his son , and he created this wonderful presentation .
there are little microseconds in these documents , small boxes .
i want to say -- yes , make a beautiful website . how could i say you don &apos;t make a beautiful website ?
now you ask the linked data that you &apos;ve collected now . 32 hits that everybody is a protein with these properties , and you can look at them .
and that &apos;s about linked data .
all of this will lead two million children a year to die less , last year than in 2000 .
and if it &apos;s like that , are we ready to collect and give feedback and give sure to make sure that the promise really provides results ?
you just show one of those numbers that 5,000 -- is that the number ?
my brothers started giving me tips for drawing and paintings .
this is exactly what i was fascinated to explore this area .
how many of you have a cow going on the street from the street from bangalore to mysore ?
it &apos;s just like this that we &apos;re trained as people to perceive reality , and that makes meaning .
and they said , &quot; go fine .
can &apos;t you do anything out of nothing , you &apos;re artists ? &quot;
this is a box of shrimp .
because when we go through it , we see the footprint .
which percentage of these have foreign investment ?
obviously , for the last 20,000 years , he was sitting in a cave .
so the foreign aid is actually the best way to get here , because -- if you think about it , i &apos;ve suggested today about the underlying economists that most things are very uncomfortable .
this is the place i showed you at the beginning .
we &apos;re going to get something technical now .
think about toyota .
you can &apos;t fight against that , so accept it and find a way to work with it .
it &apos;s very hard to vote .
it &apos;s weather weather .
pizza is bringing them when they get hunger .
there are millions of different commitments .
so remember , if we think about sexual education and activity , they &apos;re out at baseball .
it &apos;s from the poet yuan chen , and it &apos;s like , &quot; i can &apos;t get the bamboo off .
and this is , &quot; how much percent of the day do you think about this person ? &quot;
over 175 societies people have left stuff that makes stuff wrong .
they came home with 60 percent of the dinner .
and it really became a strong force .
and i said , &quot; why do you think men are more powerful than women ? &quot;
no time on this one , women were so educated , so interesting , so capable .
she &apos;s 23 . she took her since she was 13 .
i started to track why you fell in love with one person than you were in the other .
they &apos;re being placed as long as the human race is on what shakespeare called &quot; these dying spiral . &quot;
but unfortunately i know .
most researchers believe that obesity is the cause of insulin resistance .
maybe we should ask ourselves if it could be that insulin resistance is the cause of weight and obese diseases -- at least most people ?
others , it &apos;s too much food .
peter atatia : what if our views were wrong about diabetes ?
my grandfather , henry ford , really believed that it was the mission of ford motor company to improve people &apos;s lives and make cars affordable for everyone .
and the good news is that today , we &apos;re now packing the big problems of cars and environment -- not just ford , but all over the industry .
i think you can imagine it already .
but what really inspired me is the possibilities that we &apos;re going to have when our cars start communicating to each other .
we need a infrastructure that is able to support this flexible future .
that &apos;s one minute 59 .
i think now my mother , i &apos;m kind of a interior .
the nurses have to give data .
that &apos;s really important . it &apos;s essential . &quot;
so what happened ?
it was also great for us , because we &apos;ve won a lot of prices .
i was infected when i was 17 , at the time , as a student of design school , i encountered adults who really believed in my ideas , challenging me and drinking many crowds of chai with me .
now it was just about the children . so we didn &apos;t move .
basically , we gave the kids a simple task .
for our auction , we have some wonderful images for you , for a really good purpose , the money that you give us , is used to buy hearing aids .
what i &apos;ve never said , but what i want to make is that environment is cool .
in a certain way , in the elegant or alternative product here , that we &apos;re generally giving after lunch , the maxim , which is another kind of development -- and inspired by the incredible kind of meaningful experience .
if you think about the change in our society , the suit from the country to the cities that took 200 years , the same process happens in 20 years .
it saw changes before they were unknown .
so for example , we would put models under an artificial sky .
i think it reduces an reduction in 94 percent for nearly one .
and how do we do something lesbar in this growing world , especially in some places i &apos;m talking about -- china for example that will build 400 new airports in the next 10 years .
and this is the focus of the 18-year-old talk -- there &apos;s no lighting in the positive sense that is healthy and promoting our well-being , without proper darkness .
in contrast to the first office that i showed you at the beginning of the talk , this is a very famous office building , which is that the white group .
behind you , you see the seagram building , which became an icon of modern light design later .
i think what you &apos;re looking at here is quite amazing -- how much light is going into the sky and never reached the floor .
it &apos;s not very pleasant and comfortable .
they &apos;re no longer suggested .
if our inner secretary , like a couple of weeks before , announced a war in a third of india , calling about 200 district , which is the immediate , he &apos;s missed the subject .
and one day -- i don &apos;t know what happened -- while i went home from the office , i might see a honeybees , or i was in the sense that i could be a honeybees , life would be wonderful .
anil gupta : but what is it going to use ? what was it used to ?
to do what we do ? to break stones .
that &apos;s the only place they could express their creativity .
they don &apos;t want second choice on standards and qualities .
and that &apos;s what hhber bhai doubt made .
i had to go to my favorite .
mr. kharai , who lives with a physical challenge , is only 50 inches tall .
tuam , kack googath .
that &apos;s primitive .
these are 3.2 billion people .
or ski . it just makes fun , and people love to drive it around and do fun things .
so we worked very , very hard , but we knew that it was not that hard to develop the technology as the acceptance of what &apos;s important and how technology can be used .
cars are not made to park side-by-side ; they &apos;re wonderful makers to drive with them between cities and go to it , but think about it , we &apos;ve solved all the problems in terms of scale and speed .
so if we put this box here in a couple of years , we could have a solution for transportation , electricity , and communication , and perhaps drinking water in a sustainable package that weighs 60 kilograms ?
implicit or explicit is suggested that the people who die are somehow involved in drugs , and that &apos;s what we refer to , that they either have been tortured or professionally executed or even both .
los zetas is going to be a bond of psychopaths that spread fears and horror in cities and bring the press to the silence , and that &apos;s also most important .
mexican and the u.s. is now grown to a truly international organization , the partnerships with production in the south and global partnerships in global distribution .
but also part of being a monthly magazine -- you live in the future , and we have a long time-lapse .
and after she falls under a critical price , she tends , if she &apos;s successful to move across a critical mass , a breakthrough .
but they become very , very cheap , and they look at the interesting effects . if they get cheaper , the brands , the sony and so , market parts , and the no-names , they win .
if you look here , linux is in red , it reaches 20 percent .
open is really , you know , the gift of silicon valley to the world .
because of some of the technologies we &apos;ve talked about .
patient capital works in between and trying to take the best of both .
the second one had to be extremely cheap .
president obama understands that .
because one of the poorest farmers in the world had found access to a technology that allowed him to change his lives .
and yet , these are exactly the characteristics that men and women have been honored by every generation .
you remember , during the dawn , the ngob reported in his blog about the cycling and stimulated it often . that was just possible because blogs are easy to use .
i like music , and i like banjos , and i think i heard steve martin playing and told me that i can .
i wrote this posture , and i took this because of einstein today .
and you see that posture .
these little things .
and maybe i have to swim because i tend to talk about it when i talk about it .
it &apos;s been stolen since the ever sustainable , except from our generation .
we need to use these tools immediately to get a better understanding for the way the oceans work .
we &apos;ve studied these fish , but we first had to learn how to keep them .
but it &apos;s only half the size of the biggest tuna we &apos;ve ever tagged .
they come together . that could be sex under tunas . and there it is .
you can throw a leather -- it &apos;s temporal like a seal -- and a white shark will go on it , a curiosity creature that comes up to our 16 foot big boat .
and then these animals give us a commitment by helping us .
and the white shark .
i think he didn &apos;t think the records of my terrestrial were so precise .
they said , &quot; apart from what we &apos;ve been talking about , are you going to be groups that want to damage the united states ? &quot;
you don &apos;t have to waste your energy for that .
now , if you look at my slides , you see that i was there , and i know that i did the 9th of may for $ 14 7.9 in the safari valley .
all the few moments i press a stereotype on my life .
when i started the project with the project , people said , &quot; why would you want to tell everyone what you do and where you are ?
it &apos;s now quite normal .
now , look at this gap from paris to see how incredibly fast growth is .
i &apos;ve seen thousands of these marketplaces , and trust and efficiency are always challenging elements .
how do we make sense of how trust is built on face ?
i was kind of a mind in the system .
this page gets five and a half thousand questions , and 80 percent of them get an precise answer .
i want to start with a paradox .
and here you see him in relation to the degree of inequality that i showed you that i &apos;m going to come back over again .
first of all , with the rich , developed countries , and then in a second world field , again with the 50 american states -- with the same question : do the unequal states do all these scales worse ?
with devastating implications , what affects the use of talents of the population .
and in our analysis of american states , we find the same contrast .
and the fear of social judgment is going to take , and the fear of these judgments .
or for example , why violence is stronger in unequal societies is because people are sensitive to being regarded .
a year ago , more than three million , more than three million people took a new knee or a sake .
you remember , like cameal before , the bamboo thought .
if you wear it under showers or a rock or a sari , it &apos;s very clear that you wear a prosthetic , and in societies where disability is in social stigma , people are very sensitive .
so thank you very much .
you want dirty magazine ?
i even bought the printing signal , and there &apos;s a little paper that says , &quot; don &apos;t use this paper to eat the screen .
this is the result one to 20 , and it &apos;s like , &quot; google is just as many &quot; o &quot; as there are pages .
strong fear paralysis one .
but if you were always in that condition , the work would never be done , because you would suddenly say , &quot; oh , i &apos;ve found a new way of doing it . &quot;
almost all we do is subconscious .
it &apos;s safe to be safe in this world .
if the free park would fall rush and would fall apart , they would never have a trip .
it &apos;s a very small sample -- you should not generate the results .
so i &apos;m going to talk about children and self-organization and a series of experiments that led me to the idea of what an alternative education might look like .
and at the evening of this day , 70 children on the internet .
so i could even choose samples to cover a crosssection , which represents the whole world .
what you &apos;re obvious about is , there &apos;s a child operating the computer .
natural systems are all self-organizing : galaxies , molecules , cells , organisms , societies -- except the theory of the intelligent designers .
and it &apos;s about reducing idealism in this whole way .
i bought a nice suit , and i was wearing shoes with lemonade , and i celebrated these remarkable access to the world .
but in 2002 , when my tour went to end , i decided that i didn &apos;t go to the job that was going to go back to me in london .
i felt something had been destroyed .
and i went through . i went through these amounts .
and i went into kosovo , and i got the government there .
independent diplomat is part of a trend that comes out worldwide , obviously , and shows that the world is fragmented .
it &apos;s terrible that they are these people who are actually affected .
this is the 21st-century politics . and in a sense , independent diplomat has this diplomat , the change that happens to us all .
&quot; hey , could you take me a magic box ? &quot;
because when we return to the relationship of the relationship : it understood by this practice that a simple mistake can tell what you &apos;re not , or can remember why you love something .
we feel awesome , pity .
here we go .
what is the number one ?
no . in the &apos; 70s , there was the mechanical show , &quot; the seven-million dollars , &quot; which was rocket missile in the top 10 in 1973 , followed by the six-year-old , &quot; three angels for charlie .
i can choose them from the island .
and i &apos;m happy to discuss with you about this , i come in and say , &quot; can anybody tell me the ideas and why that &apos;s so cool ? &quot;
next , this virus of dna stuff produces the bacterial dna .
in a series of reasons .
or even worse , scientific education is becoming more like the guy who &apos;s always saying , &quot; actually ... &quot;
but we have so much work in front of us , and when somebody here is involved in science , i would like to leave you with me .
we rise up the stairs and we experience a condition of changed consciousness .
so many books about war say the same thing , which is that nothing people are so much together like war .
durkheim believed that everything that is united of us , as a result of sacredness .
he kept saying that &quot; selfish and stirling people can &apos;t be kept together , and without casting , nothing can be moved . &quot;
he uses the others .
once they were all in the same tribe , they could keep the benefits of cooperation for themselves .
it &apos;s about connecting to others to pursue ethical ideas .
jh : thank you very much .
quickly , i realized that males don &apos;t have to be inside .
and right next to the garage , he &apos;s got his own trophes where he can in his achievements , which is another important role in meniscics .
everything is always simpler in design , and here &apos;s this rian airport , and , my god , i just photographed it .
&quot; the end of prut &quot; is now printed for the fifth times .
this book is called &quot; tests . &quot; it &apos;s another word for quotes .
this is actually an experiment for a customer , a mall , where we took a sequence of six photographs and tried to put people across the printing medium to the internet .
they thought people didn &apos;t like them .
an article about brian ferer -- a really boring article -- so i put the whole article in the basket .
somebody told me today , there would be these things that are cheating , but i don &apos;t know what that is .
that &apos;s pretty high for most professions .
before that , it was obvious , obviously , not technology . but obviously .
this is not another planet . these are things hidden on our planet .
and finally , i &apos;m coming back on these naked .
this is niles eldiquated , with stephen jay gould &apos;s theory of the data of the good .
we &apos;ve heard of japan who are spending guns on .
and i think that &apos;s really important , because if you can imagine mozart before the invention of the pianos -- which is a loss for society .
octopus fascinated me for the first time i was very young .
it takes back again , takes one arm full of grains , let him go -- &quot; president party party party party party ! &quot; &quot; -- the same thing happens .
but the point is , we &apos;ve been there for a month , and i wanted to get the animals used to us so that we could see their behaviors without disturbing them .
and if you go down to the bottom , this is going to be the most beautiful blue water that you let them start at the beginning , always dark and dark .
but there &apos;s no sun down there , there &apos;s no photosynthesis . it &apos;s a chemical world down there that &apos;s steering it , and it &apos;s all so miserable .
but unfortunately i &apos;ve seen the exact opposite .
everybody speaks to everyone . then there are no isolated dots on a map , and it &apos;s a network that we &apos;ve created .
she was a housewife , and she and i and i didn &apos;t go down and refer to little girls like little girls , and she didn &apos;t buy a pink of pinks , but knew .
my parents made a divorce , and my sister was arrested .
cities are the melting of civilization .
is edinburgh a horse ?
so , what we &apos;re talking about is our whole economy , shown in the corner left : dekey predators .
the heart beat reduces , they live longer , graduate from saudi and nutrients through the membrane is slowed down , etc .
but the most important thing is that the exponential , which is the equivalent of the three-quarters of metabolism , greater than one -- that &apos;s so much about it .
they grow rapidly and stop , part of our resistance .
looks more like a dekey line .
children in 12th grade are less excited about political systems .
he &apos;d been talking to us in a high school at a high school .
my students gave these graphics as a result of a task that we asked ourselves in terms of the oil spills at the end of the year .
this is my favorite participation , because it was done tuesday when i took students to go to choice .
and this is the same .
in fact , you could -- -- we don &apos;t go to that .
it &apos;s a grassroots .
and he asked a very important question .
and i &apos;m going to show you this 15 million dollars of picture .
you see the stem cells coming out again .
many of these patients are hard burned .
the european union , the same thing .
and even though i have no patents , so much of me , you &apos;re going to meet some of my inventions today .
you know , of course , what that means .
and they &apos;ve made all of this progress in such a short time . they &apos;re all so young .
thank you all .
in school -- in fact , i started an organization that makes such a leadership , you know , like you here , you would really like it and like that .
she was very sent too , but she was so crazy .
my daughter -- my daughter wrote that , she told me , &quot; start your talk always with humor . &quot;
i &apos;m lesbian . &quot;
i want to hold your hand .
and then last year i finally got a call that i should talk right to j.j.
and i thought , if i could write books where this world was small and connected , maybe i could have people interested in the problems that affect us all , and maybe even move to improve the world .
and john said , &quot; bet on good people doing good things .
there was no specific media company focused on public interest .
i thought the problem was in 30 50 years .
i learned that there &apos;s not just a right way to change .
what do you think the police officers are on this taxi ? well , three .
now look at this . this is anesthesia .
yes , the medical advice of the pregnant , &quot; yes , i told you that they don &apos;t do that , i &apos;m looking at that . &quot;
this is our first patient , just out of intensive care , and now look at this chair !
these are the basics of my device , or our apparatus .
i have to serve . &quot;
this is in scottish parliament .
they put them on a very special nutritional diet and they treated them with great care .
his app was just returned when he won the praise of a prize .
but there were many debate in tunisia about how to be married this problem .
so we have the situation in the world today where in more and more countries the relationship between the citizens and the government are mediated across the internet , which is being managed by largely private services .
rebecca maxkins : let &apos;s take the internet back !
they usually won all four years of the gold mechanisms in the criminals and the olympics in the olympics , and they were the great famous skills of communism , with a great lifestyle that went with it .
the european union , which began to harvest the fruits of globalization . they were the eu that was transformed into the richest consumer market in history with total 500 million people .
from 1994 , for then seven years , 20 of these boats crossed the banks of monsrogen to italy every single night .
let me come to the 171 of organized crime .
i &apos;d like to introduce you to mr. spring .
they affect our banks .
i mean , if i &apos;m a good darwin , i have to believe there &apos;s one reason for that .
this made him very unpopular . they didn &apos;t want to go back to the beginning .
it waited since 1960 , when alter hardy , an ocean biologist , said , &quot; i think our ancestors may have lived for a while in the water . &quot;
but as an absolute connection , it only works in one direction .
and then the fact that we are strengthened .
for example , professor swbias . he understood it .
so if it comes , and if it &apos;s going to happen , who or what stops ?
one : i want to talk as well as possible .
yeah , i did yesterday with some googles .
you see , somehow , in other people &apos;s lives , and i feel like i &apos;m getting a lot of inspiration from the user .
this is called &quot; atheist . &quot;
online malware -- you &apos;ve probably seen many of them already .
permission and web tomatoists ze frank give us an extremely famous patient show and tells us what he &apos;s talking about with passion : people help create small , search web programs and interact .
the answer is pretty strange .
point four : say to the people : &quot; if you don &apos;t give anybody to the information , i offer my help . &quot;
and every time i talk about what i &apos;m doing , i &apos;m going to talk about the reason why body matters .
so this particular instrument is called the stupid bus listener .
they shrink and melted at the same time -- and some are disappeared in the same way .
that wouldn &apos;t be a big problem , because if we were in death of death , we would buried our arguments , all investing what would require , and find a way to deal with them .
this is data from the household office of congress , showing the realistic projections of what would happen if the current circumstances and trends continue .
the rock is sacred , and when people circle together , they unite , they can trust each other , they become one .
so the blocks and the clubs know what side you should be doing .
for many reasons the decades after world war ii was historical , decades .
there we are as land .
we become one nation with two classes .
this is really a social disaster , and liberals are very worried about this .
but they don &apos;t exist yet . so i have to make them .
they &apos;ve been in the architecture for ages in the architecture .
you see these dust signs that the protocell actually moves off the light and moves to the dark foundations .
it &apos;s been managed to hold me away almost three decades of hospitals , and i &apos;m probably most proud of that .
instead , i &apos;m a great professor for jura , psychology and psychiatry at usus gould school of law , and i have a lot of good friends and a lovely husband , wants to be here today .
i would quote from my records : &quot; i had given me with my commitment to my calcium dressed and valal on the friday driver , where we wanted to work together on a homework .
then they came up with me arms and legs with surveillance on the bed .
i &apos;ve never met a psychiatric patient who would have voted this view .
i could put it right immediately , and we could make it very special . &apos; , ha ha ha .
the american prisons are full of people who are incredibly mental , and many of them are there because they never got proper therapy .
so at stanford , we decided to build another self-organizing car .
these are four billion hours that are being missed alone in this country .
in short , there were a lot of water and not very many people .
the breed in montana has already done a lot of time to reduce their water consumption , but they still use millions of liters on water .
he &apos;s paid to leave the water in the stream .
i don &apos;t like to be a problem without recognizing the solution , so i want to highlight shows like &quot; mad men &quot; and films like &quot; brothers , &quot; whose female characters and main characteristics .
his name is matthieu rice .
i know there are other companies in the world also , but google is the environment that i know because i &apos;m about 10 years . so i &apos;m going to use google as a case .
well , it turns out that google is a company with compassion , because googler finds that compassion makes fun .
you come to work in the morning , and you have three colleagues that choose from hot heaven to build a hospital in india .
there are three steps .
and i hope that compassion is also becoming both fun and also profitable for them .
but one day the perfect case . it was a vegetables who was sitting in front of her house .
i met with one of the developing offices that did the training of government lawyers and judgments , which is the normal tendency as opposed to the defenders .
people often tell me , &quot; you know , that &apos;s wonderful , but it &apos;s highly idealistic .
in the same trance state that you sometimes experience when you &apos;re sitting in the new york subway and read , this unified and easy feeling .
different parts of the world have a bag of different things .
and at the same time , the wonderful work of take is the great salt of take , who made this beautiful salt and scary .
but the objects of the world &apos;s full minimum markets were in this kind of water of sterile stereotypes , and it was really very broad .
even this chair that you open and then sit down , so that you get the depressing , so these beautiful series of objects that are considered to be a design of ana from bar on barcelon .
now what does it have to do with this ?
instead they developed a very interesting approach about my education , which is that they would send me to school that they couldn &apos;t afford .
my last story , and i have to make me a little bit better now .
and he died when the nurturing was on the road to bring him to the hospital .
blogging is a way of how to do this .
just run the jump .
and we africans need to start to ask our leading politicians critical to question .
my cousin couldn &apos;t afford the school money anymore , and she &apos;s very clever .
and if you don &apos;t take you , you &apos;re wrong with those which don &apos;t .
it was divided for years between politics and religion .
that &apos;s also our political problems .
changing and future leaders were shaped .
he helped a birth in parol .
it &apos;s the heart of medical care .
i &apos;m just going to sell it to every hospital hospital in the world .
now , when i got that , i was -- press the firm -- completely except me , you know ?
well , in a couple of weeks , riley will be a big girl .
and as you can see , life expectancy was short .
life expectancy increased to 78 .
this is the most absolutely best technology for this region : desalination .
let &apos;s start with the water .
but you have to share this with the world .
the generation y seems to map .
100,000 people gathered into a nonviolent march and an idiot or a wooden tape , and guess who &apos;s going to be captured from the cameras . this guy .
and it &apos;s also about humor . humor is such a strong force that can turn the game down , and it also played a very big role in poland .
now , the 1-million dollars question : how is it going to continue in the arab world ?
and she said , &quot; i saw your talk in the live stream .
i said , &quot; if 500 will become 1,000 or 2,000 , my life is over . &quot;
there &apos;s nothing more vulnerable than that .
and i see them .
and everybody broke up in applause and said , &quot; yes ! &quot;
i know your father was never in luxopof , he was singing singing .
the other thing you need to know about shame is it &apos;s organized absolutely by gender .
i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
we want to be with them and against them .
and if we &apos;re up and down ...
if an ant fell in the rice , i couldn &apos;t see it either .
and this helped us create a very ethical and very strong patient organization , and a system that supports it .
we &apos;ve done a simple digital camera in a rescue camera , and we made a remote edited agency in a doctor &apos;s office for every patient .
our excitement has increased a lot faster , which has a healthy profit , and even though we treat a lot of people free .
that &apos;s a tough task .
for example , we can do digital content with physical mass incentives .
wouldn &apos;t that be a way to make cell phones intuitively intuitive ?
it was like they couldn &apos;t see me anymore as if i was invisible .
and also , no one had ever heard an underwater wheelchair before or seen , and that act means the creation of new ways of seeing , being and knowledge , because now you have this concept in your head in your head .
as bp is going to beat the hole , at least prepared , but not to demand the enormous price .
don &apos;t be ashamed of that .
and it &apos;s also the history of modern capitalism , because it was the wealth of this country that made our economic system , a system that can &apos;t survive without steak growth and endless procedures of netherlands .
the oil is not liquid .
now you may have more and more headlines like this .
great show . man , that was good !
bf : ... like , as well as on the left .
dh : all right , stand here ... please .
rw : can i hold him ?
dh : does it just make jugglers boy , say ?
dh : here we go .
dh : the french judge ...
dh : i got it -- ... to put the coal down here with my handle of steel .
bf : from six to seven . dh : this is world record . bf : really ? dh : dh : for us .
he &apos;s less known than the two because he had this idea of building mechanical computing and never built one .
but if you , you would see something that is very , very similar .
this is from a piece of paper she translated .
there are plans .
you know the problem that we don &apos;t want to believe what we know .
we don &apos;t want to believe what we know .
second romeo and juliet , massive and piano , dodi and diana , heer and anjha , that &apos;s love !
13th after i sit in a wheelchair seven years in the wheelchair , i made more in the wheelchair than outside him .
over generations , we &apos;ve just raised our children as much as millions of other species living with us .
but it &apos;s not a natural movie .
if i actually gave a base to every pixel of this screen with the resolution of 128 x 800 , we would need 3,000 screens to take a look at the genome .
what does this mean for medicine ?
and so he sequenced the genomes of his children .
it &apos;s because there would be someone in the audience who volunteered to eat .
imagine , in 2016 , the leading candidate is not only about their four years behind the tax revenue , but also their personal genome .
and so i urge you all to wake up and to conclude and affect the genomic revolution that &apos;s happening around them .
and we have a flexible , driven cathedral with a special wireless tree , which remains within the simplest part of the bone marrow and moving the congestion of the hip along the way .
hopefully this technology will allow us to see future more of these survivors .
on the branch that the sample releases , she releases a switch of the gas and dies in schwarzschild .
so exciting . it can make it seven times the earlier possible collision , so we &apos;re going to be able to capture some new particles very soon .
the most famous charge is the electric .
they tell us what changes are .
but that &apos;s how unified theories work .
so many think it &apos;s the most beautiful structure in mathematics .
the only way of getting mental health , in the middle of all of the uncertainty , is to keep and experience happiness is to preserve the balance and a perspective in life . i have a perspective .
the pattern of dots that i showed you , actually , symmetries of this higher-dimensional form that defeat , move and on the existing space time .
and we &apos;ve heard about the story , from the blood tree of humanity through genetic dna professionals .
in the chimpanzees , we find many , many examples of compassion , properties for love and real altruism .
most importantly , i think it &apos;s working with small groups of women , giving them the opportunity to give microphones to the recording of microphones .
and you know what i mean . i &apos;m talking about pollution .
if you take the wall wall for all the problems that we &apos;ve access to the planet , in terms of the environment and social . it &apos;s a message of hope .
and unwanted pregnant and similar things about what young people hear better from other adolescents than by adults .
this change , this change . changing change when we worry about the future .
working with plastic , about the first eight years , some of my pieces started to break down and break into smaller plastic .
recycling . everyone ends about his book about current ecology with the idea of recycling .
so i &apos;m here , and i reveal our recent and most successful trial , which is in the middle of the development .
the author of the book is juan , our previous reserve , and it &apos;s being proven by amazon by the way .
at that time we knew that that was a political thing .
at 15 years old , i lost a child , a second when i was 16 .
i know what it means to suffer , and when a crime happens , one person should be judged and punished . &quot;
but what if that wouldn &apos;t be ?
but after a few striking prototypes , i finally thought about this , the financial bottle .
add that . please .
okay . the french bottle is used by thousands of people around the globe .
or we could use one of these .
mao tse dung always described it as the european civil wars , and that &apos;s probably an accurate description .
and by the way , my ladies and gentlemen , is that this is probably not possible by the greenhouse institution possible .
they start seeing a multi-dimensional world . they &apos;re starting to see a multi-dimensional world .
but that &apos;s not the case anymore .
the interfaces of nations , well , we &apos;ve always had that .
but here &apos;s one last thing .
but if you ask the average american today , what the optimal formula is for a long life , it may not probably tell you .
it reminds me of my college time .
and the research shows that these years were largely free by chronic disease , heart disease , cancer and diabetes .
they have what we want .
at the moment , we &apos;re at half .
and for a while , we looked in the precedent minnesota , where there &apos;s actually a high percentage of 100 year-olds .
instead , they talk about the next trip to nature , thousands of recipes , and yes , they pray .
it &apos;s been done to break down at nine .
they tend to feed plants in plants .
so for the little example that i hold here in the hand , we &apos;ve used a touch band that reacts to my skin by fooling that little light .
so often , amateurs , no experts , the inventors and the improvements of things like motor bik , a few springs , pigs , airplanes ...
computers were still big things that only scientists were interested in , and no one was dreaming about having one of them at home .
you only have your own eyes to come through there .
i mean , he &apos;s been seen .
for that , we &apos;ve been modeling the driver modeled and examined .
and i said , i can &apos;t get them , but i can bring it into zero-g , zero g.
we had four neighborhoods and two nurses in the airplane .
and actually , you can now show some pictures because i don &apos;t want to see myself on the screen .
no life , from small life to all of us here , would be possible without these little micro-machines .
i shut down on campapts . i went regularly .
i didn &apos;t change me . my iq wasn &apos;t down .
i was a writer .
so , basically , no family planning would accept if your child doesn &apos;t survive .
and then we decided why not use religion , because on the philippines , the catholic church was pretty strong , and tha changes are buddhisms .
we went to our first microbial program in 1975 , and the women who organized it would say , &quot; we want to extend family planning to women .
you can call it the coca-cola approach if you like . it &apos;s the same thing .
and then aids enlightenment in all schools , started at university .
and then here , with the american flag , &quot; don &apos;t go without home . &quot;
these are things that are provided by business .
can you imagine on any starbucks , you can also get condoms ?
it can &apos;t be creepy or unhealthy .
so i &apos;m going to make a picture .
you can simulate this behavior in the browser , which romo just does here on the left .
i want to tell you about my four minutes of gay .
people like all of you in this room here .
she went elegant , like a giraffe in the african savanna , the flag on their shoulder , and i went behind the toes -- -- on the toes , keep the flag with very poor arm so that my head disappeared
i worked with women all my life with women and women .
jenny realized that the only solution is to pull the black teeth .
it causes women to plant new trees and walls , drop for drop .
women and children , especially the poor , are at the bottom .
if you sell too early , you digest the profit , but if you wait too long , you &apos;re going to sell out to everybody , fall off the course .
but you can see the tips clearly .
the challenge for the uninformed player is whether he believes the other one is fair or that he &apos;s getting too little for him to think that only one or two dollars have provided .
now i &apos;m going to show you a couple related .
we can do it . maybe we &apos;ll .
so what have we learned today ?
about 10 calories are needed to produce a calculate food that we consume in the west .
how did such a city feed ?
and in the middle of the city , in college , they are offered for sale , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s posterry .
and at that point , our relationship completely changes , both for the food and the cities .
the word utopia used thomas moore &apos;s perception .
stealing pile of hous .
we need to understand that the world is also what we eat .
it &apos;s the source of all morality , this fantastic act of empathy , putting itself in the place of another .
and i see that makes a sweeping intelligence , not just a fabulous feeling .
in the current process industry , we have skyscrapers -- two-and-a-half years &#91; building &#93; , half to a million parts , pretty complex , new and exciting technologies from steel , concrete , glass .
the next project is going to ask the question , and look at the passive nature or the passive attempt to program reconfiguration .
basically , you have a chain of elements .
when i was in beloit , wisconsin , i gave a public talk to a group of students at middle school .
so often we &apos;re looking for pathology from breath , like flu .
there &apos;s unknown all around us , and it just waiting to be discovered .
now could we please turn off the lights so we can see it ?
so we are chemical light flapps that are different . our kind of chemical lightning has universality .
but there i have to say -- and i &apos;m asking for confidence , richard -- that i &apos;ve never really liked biological exclusions particularly , and i think we &apos;re still going to be true with a couple of hundred million years .
everybody &apos;s talking about measures right now , a reducing of the species to defeat every price .
he realized that it &apos;s possible to leave different laws that allow the economy to allow small profits to have so incentives to win more customers .
both are dark compared to puerto rico , which has half as many people as haiti or the dominican republic .
so , one of these zones next to hong kong is a sheetzhen .
people can come to live under the charter , but nobody is forced to do it .
a lot of those have understood the idea of the coke , that people can participate in rules .
how would we leverage such a reserve ?
you thought about genomics a little more than 10 years ago , that you could have sequenced between three and five genomes ; it &apos;s already been hundreds of them .
if there &apos;s a lot of gluo ll , they determine a lot of green light .
the number of genes shared a little bit when we ignored cellular parasites ; it was even bigger when we focused on certain groups of genes , about 310 .
it adds his genome after a radiation that its chromosomes were broken into little bits , within 12 to 24 hours again .
let me close with ethical and political studies .
of course that &apos;s worth waiting if you like marshmallow .
we call them &quot; future policy . &quot; she focuses on what &apos;s going to be .
and it also affects me . i grew up as a poor child of an silk family in the south bronx , and everybody lived in the past and present .
let &apos;s take medicine .
here &apos;s a beautiful picture of the andromeda lake , the largest spiral galaxy in the middle of our milky way galaxy .
it &apos;s cold , satellite and focal , maybe it &apos;s raining , and maybe you &apos;re standing on the bank of an microslogan with color paint .
i can &apos;t tell you how that was to see the first images of the title of titan surface . this was what we saw .
so here we see a film of titan equator that shows these dunes , and these dunes are 100 feet tall , have a distance from a few kilometers and increased miles and miles and miles and miles .
until now , the earth is still the only planet where we know it &apos;s happening from life .
they had lost 40 percent of their country , and they were surrounded by the way they had no free access to the rest of the west bank .
demonstration : this is a fried protestant .
so we organized an introduction .
it only took them four days .
and like the rest of the brain , it &apos;s made out of neurons .
in the circumstances of the hippocampus , you actually find cells that are projecting in the hippocampus that reacts in the hippocampus , in a certain way , in a certain distance and towards the mouse , when they explor the
and this would be shown by fireing bory cells .
he wasn &apos;t the only man who was suffering from a broadcast america , and he was certainly not the only great speaker of his time .
and why would someone care about that ?
people don &apos;t buy what they do , but why they do it .
the neocortex is responsible for all our rational and analytical thoughts and language .
it &apos;s always the same three things , so let &apos;s look at it .
and when you talk about what you think you &apos;re going to wear , you &apos;re going to put them in , believe what you believe .
and the reason that people bought an iphone in the first six hours , was given six hours in the snake , was their worldview , and their will to see everybody . they were the first ones .
people don &apos;t buy what they do , they buy why they do it , and what they do is they simply do prototy for what they believe .
and , by the way , he gave the &quot; i have a dream &quot; talk , not the &quot; i have a plan . &quot;
i &apos;m never going to forget how cartoons beat on the screens .
when this proved for economic development in washington , d.c. , the doctor clinic , they were whispered .
and we decided to put recipes on that purpose .
what if we had a waiting room where you &apos;re not just sitting around , when you &apos;re sick , but you come in to become healthy .
and they leave those with the belief , the ability and effectiveness , our most fundamental hope of health care .
i think at the end of the day , when we rate our health care , it &apos;s not being measured , it &apos;s being measured , it &apos;s been measured , but on the diseases that were prevented .
the pirates today represent a real danger around the world , but this is in the indian ocean .
we caught it with this low-tech trajectory . on board , there were six tons of cocaine .
eighty-five percent of you can &apos;t read when you enter into the afghan security forces .
multiply 400,000 times these private cooperative cooperation with security forces , how safety in the world can be created completely differently .
i really .
remember that -- that &apos;s a fun thing to me than the florida . you know , count the dots for gore , count the dots for bush . count again .
the circles represent the countries .
but some countries have already had statistics .
but we have to make the united states a whole piece to find the same health that we have on the philippines today .
this is all about changing .
it looks like a happy story .
what you earn here -- what altitude they live on -- represent their daily services .
it &apos;s about having food .
it &apos;s this dumb concept of the developing world that we built , argentina and mozambique 50 years ago , and claim that mozambique has been doing worse .
governance . we have a government working government -- that led california from the mixture of 1850 .
and i &apos;ve shown the approach of what the seemingly impossible can be .
and the enemy is quite weak .
we are -- despite skepticism -- with ease in afghanistan .
&quot; it &apos;s not an ideal world . &quot; and your government doesn &apos;t get a step closer to us .
what would a rule look like ?
what we need in the back is a competent symbolism .
do you want a better system ?
and the doctor said to him , he just doesn &apos;t move that way .
&quot; who &apos;s attacking us , risks the end of the world . &quot;
the leviathan is just rarely left from his grid .
here &apos;s the thing .
air force , strategic airball , on the other hand .
thomas barnett : a new way to peace
i don &apos;t want to depress them too much .
here you see the papato in the early 90s , which brought a lot of sulfur into the stratosphere with a kind of atom similar cloud .
this report ended up at president jonas desk when i was two years old . 1965 .
but let &apos;s say they have sunlight that hits particles , and it &apos;s purely heated .
i don &apos;t think that &apos;s going to happen . it &apos;s not very likely .
because we continue to move under this scenario and take away from current climate .
not just about how we do better , but what are the risks and side effects ?
here you see a fish shining with shining , pulsed eyes .
it &apos;s really incredible . there are two males here .
and so i came up with her friendly invitation just two days ago from the himalayas .
but if you look at the literature in east and west , you &apos;re going to find incredibly different definitions of happiness .
well , well-being is a deep sense of serenity and fulfillment , a condition that actually has all of the emotion of emotion and underlies all of the feelings and all the pleasures that can affect us .
we know from experience that we can be in something that you call &quot; little paradise , &quot; and it can be completely unhappy .
the mirror allows that , but the mirror is not limited by this , modified , doesn &apos;t change by these images .
if you do that over and over again , your tendency to go up and up the anger with every time you resolve it .
of course , we do this with training with objects .
we are willing to apply for 15 years for our education .
it &apos;s really a huge problem for us .
it &apos;s a scary place . it &apos;s good designed .
you can see exactly what happened , night at night at three to planning meeting .
not just flowers , not just a cartoon of sierra nevada .
this is actually a tv test that uninterrupted the show , &quot; we &apos;re normal . &quot;
we &apos;re going to get -- we have an iron web that would be ashamed of bulbs !
one last point of view -- that &apos;s been prepared for me for years , but i think it &apos;s particularly important for this audience .
at this point , we &apos;re about two days away from the entrance .
this is breathing power with closed circles .
the ice can be between five and 25 miles deep .
the sensory rays look at the same time , at the same time , so that it can make new judgments while it &apos;s still in the eye , which has already left behind .
they would pay 10,000 dollars in orbit .
it says that you move 10,000 feet a second faster than you want to get back to the gas station .
with real support , this can be done in seven years .
i guess you &apos;re not going to throw me off the bars because you asked the question .
they also created some companies where the brand didn &apos;t work so well .
rb : no .
we have a video that shows what they plan , and virgin galactic in the air .
he wanted them to jump , or he just said , &quot; i &apos;m away . &quot;
ok , so that wasn &apos;t hard now .
i mean , here are a lot of wealthy people who have children , and we have this dilemma , how we should raise them .
rb : our crops argued that it was actually &quot; forget the priest , &quot; here &apos;s the sex pistols .
fifty people fired our formula and said they would try it .
no , i want my life in all your own lives .
