you know , one of the great stages of travel , and one of the joys of the research research , is to live with people who can remember remember the old days , and they &apos;re still falling out of the wind , and they &apos;re falling out of rain , they &apos;re falling out of the bitter fruit of plants .
just knowing that life is still changing beyond the milky way , or the meaning of the myths of the inuit of the inuit are still different , or , in the himalayas , the buddhists are kept off the breath of the sky , which is the idea of the world that we live in , and that &apos;s the idea that the world we live in .
and of course all of all , we share all the same stages .
we &apos;re all born . we &apos;re bringing kids to the world .
we go through paper physics .
we have to engage with the separation of death by death , and so we shouldn &apos;t surprise us that we all sing , dance and create art .
but interesting is the unique inflection of the war , the rhythm of dance in every culture .
and it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s in the forests of borneo in the forests of borneo , or the haiti industry in haiti , or the warriors in the middle of the city , or in the middle of the sahara , and this is a colleague that happens to me in the desert , which is a colleague in the middle of the sahara , or even a fellow on the top of the world .
all of these people teach us that there are other ways of thinking , other ways of thinking , other ways of thinking about the earth on earth .
and this is an idea that if you think about it , you can only get to hope with hope .
together , the vast cultures of the world are a network of food and a living life that makes earth earth , and for the sake of earth , it &apos;s as important as the biological information that you know as biosphere .
you can imagine this cultural cultural model as an example , and it can be , as a result of all the thoughts of all thoughts and dreams , myths , inspiration , inspiration and biases that have been created by the imagination of consciousness .
the main world is the great legacy of humanity .
it &apos;s the symbol of all of what we are and what we can do as an amazing species .
and just as the biosphere was improved , this was happening with the shredder -- just with the same speed .
not a biologist , for example , to say that 50 percent or more of all species are before before extinction , because it &apos;s not true , and yet , this -- the most important thing in the field of biological diversity -- hardly what we &apos;re looking at as a symbol of cultural diversity .
and the crucial indicator of that is the extinction of the languages .
as any of you in this room were born , the earth talked about 6,000 languages on the earth .
now , a language is not just the whole mechanism of the world , or a series of mass systems .
a language is expression of the human mind .
it &apos;s a means that the soul of a certain culture will access to the tangible world .
every language is like a hidden forest of the mind , a turning point , a thought , an urban spiritual opportunity .
and of these 6,000 languages today , while we &apos;re sitting here in monterey , almost half of them don &apos;t get rid of the ears of children .
they &apos;re not taught to sell more infants . that means if nothing is done , they &apos;re actually dead dead .
what could be lonely if you &apos;re not going to be lonely , to be one of the last of your people who speak your language , no way to have the knowledge of the ancestors , or to hope the hope of the ancestors ?
and yet this terrible destiny is actually going to happen to someone in the earth , about all two weeks , because every two weeks , dying is an elderly person , and the last month of the old language comes to the grave .
and i know some of you are saying , &quot; isn &apos;t it better ? &quot; wouldn &apos;t the world be a better place if we all want to talk a language ? &quot; and i say , &quot; well , let &apos;s say this is gifted . &quot;
leave them . &quot;
and then they suddenly realized how it would be if you couldn &apos;t talk to your own language .
so , i &apos;d like to take you in a journey in a way through a tour journey , a short journey through the software system , trying to figure out what &apos;s actually going to be lost .
now there are some of us who are kind of forgotten that i say , &quot; different ways of his , &quot; really different possibilities of his mine . &quot;
take example of this child in the northwest of the amazon , the people of the world , the people who are alive , they believe that they &apos;re running out of the middle of the east in the belly of saint snakes .
this is a people who aren &apos;t cognitively connected between the colors of blue and green , because the habitat of the forest that depends on people who are more vulnerable .
they have a curious language and a call called the linguistic name , and you have to marry someone who speaks a different language .
all of this is rooted in the ancient past , and the curious of these big houses , where it &apos;s been spoken by the age of six or seven , but is that you never never hear somebody who learn a language .
you just hear and start to speak .
or , one of the most intriguing tribes i &apos;ve ever lived in , the most precious people in the northeast of ecuador , an amazing people who was contacted by the first year of peaceful .
in 1957 , they were trying to get five pieces of wood and made a mistake .
they made iconic photos from coming out of the air , which we would be considered as a friendly gesture , forgetting that these people from the rainforests in their life had never seen anything else .
they took these photographs from the forest floor , trying to see behind the face or the figure , and nothing found , and the fact that the business business of the devil was killing and killing five dollars with the spear .
but they didn &apos;t just get the other ones with the spear .
they squirt each other .
54 percent of the deaths happened by accident .
we went back to eight generations , and we found two cases of a natural death , and when we put people down a little bit about it , they would admit that one of the people had become so old that he died , and we killed him with the spear .
but at the same time , they had a clear knowledge of forests , which was amazing .
their hunters could smell away from the urine of a animal from 40 steps and determine what species of this owned .
in the early years of years , i got a really amazing job when my professor at harvard asked whether i was going to be interested in haiti and to monitor the secret societies that were the foundation of the strength of the satellite and the wild , and the poison that was used to be able to make a difference .
in order to make a sense of it , i had to know something about this remarkable belief of the knowledge knowledge and memory is not a cult of the black magic .
in the contrary , it &apos;s a very beautiful worldview .
it &apos;s interesting .
if i asked you , what the hell of the heck about what would they say ?
christianity , islam , buddhism , ooh or whatever .
a continent is going to come out , because the guess was that in sub-saharan africa , there &apos;s no religious faith , of course , there &apos;s a and a half of the very deep religious religious thinking that the tragic diaspora in the world &apos;s community is doing .
but what &apos;s interesting about what &apos;s interesting is this living relationship between the living and the dead .
the living ones give the minds .
the minds can come from under the big water , answers to the rhythm of dance to promote the soul of the living , so that the sound of a living rock is going to be the god .
they want to say , &quot; the white goes to the church , &quot; her white goes to the church and you say about god .
we dance to the temple and become the god . &quot;
and because you &apos;re obsessed , you get out of your mind . how can you be hurt ?
look at this amazing demonstrations : whoa in a computer company , the coal coal , without combustion , is an amazing visualization of the ability of the mind to influence the body that it is when it &apos;s going to be in a state of extreme arousal .
now , from all the people that i met , the middle school school in the sierra nevada de de vegas was the most extraordinary thing .
offspring of the old civilization civilization that passed the heart institute of colombia , and in fact , in the aftermath of it , it brought into the people in a very large fashion configuration that &apos;s growing down on the top of the ocean .
in a epic continent , these people were the only ones who had never been passed by .
until the day today , they &apos;re governed by a ritual priesthood , which is very exceptional in education .
young boys are separated from their families from three and four years from their family in the middle of the world , in the middle of the glacier in 18 percent of the glacier for 18 years , and two years of time , they &apos;re able to mimic their 18 months of pregnancy that they were in their lap in their own mother .
and during that whole time , they &apos;re introduced culturally to the values of their society , values that claim the claim that their prayers and only their prayers , the cosmic -- or we could say that the ecological -- balance .
at the end of this amazing photograph , you &apos;re going to get out of the day , and for the first time in your life , at the age of 18 , you see a sunrise , and in this existential moment of consciousness of the first light , the sun starts to go back , and in the same moment of consciousness of the amazing beautiful landscape , and the priests goes back to you .
it &apos;s so wonderful . you must protect it . &quot;
they call the older brothers and say that we are the younger brothers , for the destruction of the world , are responsible for the destruction of the world .
now this level of intuition is very important .
whenever we think about south culture and landscape , we &apos;re either going to live on and the old underworld of the fancy wild wild , which is a little bit of an idea , or a simple thing , and it says , these people are more connected to nature than we do .
so , live are not french , and they &apos;re going to be eaten by the dark fluids of the day .
there &apos;s not a lot of space that &apos;s going to be in the middle of the world , or the cold winds of tibet , but they still have , through time and ritual , and it creates a mysterious overhaul of the earth that &apos;s not based on the idea to be aware of the earth , because it &apos;s a very sophisticated intuition .
now what does that mean ?
it means that a little child from the andes who live in the belief is that the mountain is an agent that is going to determine his or your fate , will become a completely different person , and a different relationship to that resource , and in a sense , as a small child in montana , which is going to be hunted .
whether it &apos;s a symbol of a mind or a bunch of bacteria , is irrelevant .
the interesting thing is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and nature .
i grew up in the forests of the colombia , and believed that these forests were there to become more energy-efficient .
and that led me to another person as my friends under the phone , who believe that these forests of the world &apos;s forests of wheat , and the snowy ones , and the the minds of the world who are living in the world of the world , the minds that they would participate in their own community .
now , if you start to look at the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries , like this plant here .
it &apos;s a photograph that i just published last april in the northwest of the amazon .
and this is a lot of the ones that many of you have heard , the most powerful value of the value of the human repertoire .
what makes it so fascinating is not just the most powerful potential of this process , but it &apos;s going to be made out of two different sources , on one side , and there &apos;s this whole wooden ball , which is a series of plastic , a half of a sudden , a little bit of the light , that &apos;s going to go out , and it &apos;s going to be a little bit of the smoke .
this plant contains a very strong force that &apos;s serotonin , and it &apos;s very similar to the brain .
if you &apos;ve seen the video patterns , how they &apos;re doing this stuff , this substance that they made from different ways also also .
this powder was a little bit like being a shot at a shot , from from paintings paintings , and the landing on a sea of electricity .
it will not make any distortion of reality , but the resolution of reality .
i even did with my professor , richard evan , the guy who has met the most powerful and powerful mushrooms in mexico in the 1990s , and that &apos;s what i said is that you couldn &apos;t think of it as a secret sign , because in the moment in which you feel the impact , you know , you couldn &apos;t be able to see a war .
but the thing that happens is that you &apos;re not able to be able to be able to get out of it , because you &apos;re through a in the human gut , of course , you &apos;re going to be attached to names , you &apos;re going to get rid of it , you &apos;re going to get rid of it .
they can only be made together with some other chemicals that are mao , mao tse-tung .
now what &apos;s fascinating is that the key patterns that are in the assembly system are actually about the kind of thing that &apos;s necessary to be able to go to the bottom of the world , and ask yourself yourself .
how can these people live from a flora of 80,000 species plants , these two pieces of neurons , are not related to the plants that are , in this way , combined with a kind of a new version , which is the whole bigger than the sum of its parts ?
we use this great euphemism , trial and error , which turns out to be meaningless .
but they ask the indians to say , &quot; the plant speaks to us . &quot;
so what does that mean ?
so , this tribe , the air lanes , they have 17 different kinds of disciplines that they see all of us at a distance from the forest that looks for our eyes as a way .
and then you ask them how to justify their own code , and they say , &quot; i thought you understand something about plants .
i mean , don &apos;t you know anything ? &quot; and i said , &quot; no . &quot;
so , it turns out you want to take every one of the 17 variants at random , and you sing to them in a different fashion loop .
now , that doesn &apos;t give you a ph.d. at harvard , but it &apos;s a lot more interesting than counting .
now , the problem of the problem is that even those of us who have the sympathy of the people in the world , they &apos;re considered as a weather and a lot of interest , but they &apos;re kind of constrained by the past , in the real world , which is our world , terrorism .
so , in fact , in the 20th century , not 300 years ago , it &apos;s not going to remind you of his wars or technological innovation , but rather than an era that we were sitting in , and the massive destruction of the biological and cultural diversity on the world would either be active or passively .
all cultures have started to engage with the dance of new ceramics .
and the problem is not the technology .
the fiscal reports were not going to be less less sioux sioux than the bow and arrow , as americans americans didn &apos;t want to be americans when they were horse and fulfilling tasks .
not change and technology threaten the integrity of the fittest , it &apos;s power . the ugly face of regime .
and wherever you &apos;re in the world , you &apos;re going to discover that these cultures are not the decline , these are dynamic living peoples , whose existence by the forces of the forces of the world , which is , in fact , to have the power of gravity in the forest , whether it &apos;s a lot of agricultural oil in the forest of the world , which is , in fact , in the world of deforestation .
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i &apos;m doing a lot of research , you &apos;re going to see the ugly face of the political dominance .
you know , the genocide , the death extinction extinction from people , is convicted of death , but the most vulnerable , the destruction of the people &apos;s lives , is not not convicted , but in general , as part of a social revolution .
and you can &apos;t understand the suffering unless you &apos;ve seen it at the stage level .
i traveled to a young colleague of thousands of miles in southern europe , from the sun from lhasa , and only when i went to lhasa , i saw the face behind the statistics that you hear . 6,000 holy monuments that were killed in rubble and ash . 1.2 million people , by the cultural revolution .
the father of this young girl was identified as the followers of the rabbi .
that meant he was killed by the chinese invasion .
his uncle fled and her holiness in the diaspora that brought people to nepal .
his mother became imprisoned , as a punishment for being a wealthy man .
he was in the prison of two years in the prison to hide under their body bank , because she couldn &apos;t live without him .
the sister who was doing this bold thing was brought into a factory factory .
and one day , she went off on a pair of tags , and they had to do it for seven years in a heavy camp camp .
the suffering can be complete , but the most bad spirit of people is something like that .
and at the end , we really have a choice , and do we want to be in a world of world &apos;s world or the world &apos;s world in a world &apos;s world of diversity ?
margaret haidt , the great anthropologist before she died , it &apos;s their greatest fear , as we move into a thread , the world , the middle of the worldview , we don &apos;t just see the entire range of human imagination in a way of seeing a way of thinking , but that we &apos;re going to wake up out of a dream .
and it &apos;s humbling to think that our species may have been over for 600,000 years .
the most recent revolution that brought us agriculture , and in this moment , the cult of the world &apos;s genius , the poetry of literacy caused by the prose of priesthood and hierarchy , specialization and surplus -- found only 10,000 years ago .
the modern industrial world as we know them is barely 300 years old .
now , this shallow story doesn &apos;t tell me that we have all the answers to the challenges we &apos;re facing in the ensuing millennia .
if we have these myriad practices in the importance of human beings , answer answers to 10,000 different voices .
and in this song , we &apos;re going to be able to get the opportunity to be what we are : people with fully conscious minds that are aware of the importance of all people and gardens , and there are great moments of optimism . and there are great moments of optimism .
here &apos;s a photograph that i took in the northern end of the apartment , when i went on to the bottom of the street , and this man , man boy , told me a wonderful story of his grandfather .
the canadian government is not always very good with the inuit , and during the years of the age of the 20th years , they were forced to draw in the settlements of the regime , they were forced to draw in settlements .
this old man refused to refused .
the family , the fear of his life , took all the weapons and all the tools .
now you have to know that the inuit were not afraid of the cold , they used them to their advantage .
you know , the top of your sled was originally made of fish that &apos;s been wrapped in the glass factory .
the man &apos;s grandfather wasn &apos;t terrified of the arctic night , or the hit storm .
he went out of the outside , threw his pants off off and down in his hand , and when the feces started in cold , he formed her into the form of a storm .
he had saliva saliva on the sides of the boat and when it was completely frozen , he would make a dog with it .
he took the dog and he made a dish , took the skeleton of the dog and put a sled , threw a different dog on the front of the car , and on the front side of the wire on the belt side of the belt .
you can &apos;t do anything from that .
and this is in a lot of ways , a symbol for the resistance of the inuit and all the native peoples in the world .
the canadian government gave the birth of the inuit in april 1999 in complete space across an area that is bigger than california and texas .
it &apos;s our new home country , and it &apos;s called the heart system .
it &apos;s an independent territory . it &apos;s controlling all of them .
an amazing example , like a nation , a state that can be able to search for its people and can achieve it .
and finally , i think it &apos;s pretty obvious , at least for those of us who have gone to these distant goals of the earth , to realize that they &apos;re not at all .
you &apos;re the smartest of somebody else .
they represent parts of the human imagination that spans in times times , and for all of us , the dreams of these kids are like the dreams of our own children in geography of the hope of hope .
what we ended up with at national geographic is that we believe that politicians never do something .
we believe that we -- in fact , believe -- it &apos;s not compelling , but we believe that storytelling can change the world , and so we &apos;re probably the best institution for storytelling in the world . our website gets 35 million subscribers every month .
156 nations will send our energy cells .
our magazines are read by millions .
and we do a series of travel in the middle areas where we take our audience to places of such an amazing wonder , and i think you &apos;re going to go from one of the other mysteries of anthropology , and i think that the world has made it to the other revelation of anthropology , that this world has made it in a really multicultural plural world that can be able to contribute the wisdom of all people to our collective well-being .
thank you .
what i first like to do , as quickly as possible , is the basic work , a new technology that we microsoft microsoft as a part of a year , and it &apos;s a environment where you can either be local or distance with huge amounts of visual data .
we see a lot , lots of things about digital photographs here that allow you to replicate seamlessly and ongoing , the ways that it can freely turn out .
and it doesn &apos;t matter how many information we see how big these collections are , or how big the images are .
most of you are digital photos of a camera , but this one , for example , is a scan of the dna scan , and it &apos;s in a range of 300 feet of ants .
it doesn &apos;t make a difference , because the only thing that can make the performance of a system like this is the number of pixels on your screen in every moment , and it also has a very flexible architecture .
this is a whole book , an example of a computer program .
this is jasper house from dickens . every column is a chapter .
to prove that it &apos;s really about a text and not a picture , we can do something like this , really to show that this is a real representation of the engineering and a picture .
maybe this is an artificial type of reading to read .
i wouldn &apos;t recommend it .
this is an unfair case . this is a copy of the guardian .
every big picture is the beginning of a film project .
and that really gives you the pleasure and the good experience to read a real review of a magazine or a newspaper , which is a kind of medium with a broad scale .
we &apos;ve also done something on the corner of this particular copy of the guardian .
we designed a false display with very high resolution that is much higher than a normal ad , and we added additional pieces of content .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see them here .
or other models , or even technical engineering .
and this really brings these ideas to tackle these constraints for the space space that we have on the screen .
we hope that there &apos;s no way that it &apos;s more nuanced and other nonsense of it -- that should not be necessary .
of course , there &apos;s one of the really obvious applications for a technology like this .
and i don &apos;t really want to spend a lot of time here , except to say that we &apos;re going to be able to be in this area .
but these are all the streets in the united states .
mountain top on the top of nasa &apos;s picture .
now , let &apos;s get a different picture .
this is even live in the internet . you can do it .
this is a project called the name system that really connects two different technologies to each other .
and one of them is a very good research , and the other is a very good research of research , which is , by noah , a professor at university of washington , under the philosopher of steve scientists at the top of the world .
and rick spielberg of the research was done , a very good collaboration .
so this is live on the internet . it &apos;s powered by bicycle networks .
you can see that when we create these kinds of views that we can penetrate through images and get this experience of the resolution resolution .
but the spatial orientation of this picture is actually meaning .
and the things that put these pictures together are that they put the real space in which these images that were all built in the canadian desert zone , in the canadian &apos; 60s , they &apos;re here , and they &apos;re looking at elements of the slides slides , or the most sophisticated things , and these things were all related to stage events .
i don &apos;t know if i have time to show you other environments .
there are things that are much more nuanced .
i &apos;d like to go straight to one of the most popular data from noah , and this is from a early prototype prototype that we first worked on in the summer to show you what i think is really the kicker on this technology , which is a lot of information , and it &apos;s not necessarily obvious if you look at the environments that we have on the website .
we had to deal with the lawyers and so on .
this is a degeneration of the cathedral notre dame that &apos;s been built in the computer with pictures of flickr . just just notre notre on flickr , and they &apos;re going to get pictures of men in t-shirts and on the etc . , each one of the orange orange represents a picture that &apos;s been discovered as this model .
so all of these things are going to happen , and they &apos;re in relation to this kind of relationship in relation to each other .
and we can navigate by this very simple way .
. you know , i never thought i was going to work at microsoft .
i &apos;m very grateful for the reception here .
. i guess you can see that these are many different types of cameras : all of which is , from the management of professional professional professionals , a pretty large number of them who are all in the environment .
and if possible , i &apos;ll find some of the weird ones .
many of them are wrong by faces .
there &apos;s a bunch of photographs here . there they are .
this is actually a poster from notre dame that was recorded .
we can move from the poster to a physical view of this environment .
the point here is that we can do things with the social environment , and now we &apos;re collecting data from all of the data -- from the whole collective memory of what looks like visual planets -- and everything is connected to each other .
all these photographs are connected , and it creates something that is bigger than the sum of the parts .
they get a model that comes from all the earth .
consider this when the sequel of the work of stephen engineering is virtual comedy .
and this is something that goes through the complexity that people use , and it uses the use of the user with the use of the treatment .
their own photos are called the metadata , which has a different person .
so if someone &apos;s done the effort and all of these saints painted , and tell you who you are , then my photograph of the notre crow suddenly starts with all this data , and i can use them as a start to get into this room , in this way , to create the kind of more beneficial social experience .
and of course , byproduct of all of these are the enormously rich virtual models of any kind of interesting part of the earth that &apos;s not just been made by the speed of information or satellite and so forth , but by collective memory .
thank you .
. do i understand it right ? your software enables that to happen in a particular period within the next couple of years , all the images that are used by someone in the world in principle ?
yes . she does nothing else to discover .
if you want to create a difference between the images .
and it does this because of the content in the images .
and that &apos;s really exciting when you think about the abundance of the information information that has many of these images .
how do you do a search model for pictures , where you &apos;re making sentences , and the text of the website contains a lot of information about what &apos;s going on .
but what if the picture is connecting it to all of these images ?
and then the volume of the sensory apparatus , and the amount of money that makes it out , is really enormous . it &apos;s a classic tail .
blaise , this is really incredible . congratulations .
thank you very much .
i &apos;m going to tell you some things from my book , which i hope , in unison with other things that you &apos;ve already heard , and i &apos;m going to try to create even a few connections , if you haven &apos;t noticed that .
i want to start with what i call &quot; official official . &quot;
the official official of what ?
the official state of all of the world &apos;s western industrialized societies .
the official defense system works like this , if our goal is to maximize the general good of our citizens , and it &apos;s all about the most important of the freedom of the individual .
the reason for that is that freedom is good for itself , valuable value , making a sense of value for human beings .
when people have freedom , each of us is for ourselves to do things that require our good public , and no one has to decide for us .
the path to maximize freedom is maximize maximize choice .
the more choices people have , the more freedom they have , and the more freedom they have , the more good they have .
this is , i think , deeply deep in our water supply , that it doesn &apos;t make any sense in mind .
and it &apos;s also deep in our lives .
i &apos;m going to give you some examples of what makes us progress .
this is my supermarket . it &apos;s not big .
i just want to tell you a little bit about ice protection .
there &apos;s 175 tar sands in my supermarket , if you don &apos;t buy the extra extra extra bed , and 12 cups that you could buy for a big number of own lettuce , the unlikely case that no longer the 175 of the store is going to be right .
so that &apos;s how the supermarket is .
and then you go to the business store for a stereo -- speaker , speaker , a plastic , a radio , a , , and in this one store , there are so many channels of equipment , and that &apos;s a lot of sanitation .
we can put tens of millions of different types of disciplines , and we can put out the components that are going on in this business .
you have to admit that that &apos;s a big choice .
in other areas -- the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy , and you could put any phone on the phone that you wanted when he came from classical bell .
they rented her phone . they didn &apos;t bought it .
and a consequence of that was that the phone was never broken .
these days are over .
we now have an infinite choice of phones , especially in the world of mobile phones .
these are the mobile phones of the future .
my favorite one is the in the middle -- whoa , pop and crème crème hats .
and if you haven &apos;t seen that until your business , you can be sure you &apos;re going to get it soon .
and what it does is it takes people to walk in the business and ask that question .
now you know what the answer to this question is ?
the answer is &quot; no . &quot;
it &apos;s not possible to buy a cell phone that doesn &apos;t do too much .
in other aspects of life that are much more valuable than being expensive for objects , the same explosion of choice is .
health care -- it &apos;s no longer the case in the united states to go to the doctor , and the doctor tells you what to do .
instead , you go to the doctor , and the doctor tells you we could do a or we could do b .
a huge one of these benefits and risks .
b has these benefits and risks . what do you want to do ?
and they say , &quot; doctor , what do i do ? &quot;
the doctor says , &quot; have a lot of these benefits and risks and b has those benefits and risks . &quot;
what do you want to do ?
and if you say , &quot; if you were , doctor , what would you do ? &quot;
the doctor says , &quot; but i &apos;m not her . &quot;
the result is -- we call it &quot; patient autonomy . &quot; that sounds like a good thing , but in reality , the shift of the burden of responsibility for the choice of somebody who &apos;s something -- the doctor -- someone who is not the best constitution to make a decision -- is the case of the patient .
there &apos;s an enormous marketing marketing for the drugs that you do for people like me and me , if you think about it , don &apos;t make any sense , because we don &apos;t buy them .
why do they advertise us if we can &apos;t buy ?
the answer is : they &apos;re going to call us the doctor to the next morning and ask them to ask a change in the prescription .
something like this is like the identity of our identity is a question of choice , like this slide .
we don &apos;t get identity ; we invent it .
and we &apos;re trying to redefine as much as we want .
that means that every day you wake up at the morning , you have to decide what kind of person you want to be .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time in which the united states was , that almost everybody had one , and they could take them as fast as they could , and then fast kids as they could .
the only real choice was &quot; who , &quot; not , and not what they did .
today , it &apos;s just easy to have .
i teach wonderful smart students , and i give them 20 percent less work than i did .
and that &apos;s not because they &apos;re less smart , not because they &apos;re less carefully .
it &apos;s because they &apos;re wired with other things , you ask yourself , &quot; should i marry or not ? should i get married ?
should i get married later ? should i have kids , or do i do a career ? &quot;
these are all questions about questions .
and you &apos;re going to answer these questions , whether that means all of the tasks that i get you to do and don &apos;t get a good grade in my class .
and in fact , they should do that . these are important questions to ask .
work -- we &apos;re blessed , as carl demonstrated , with the technology that allows us to work every single day of every day on the planet -- until the hotel hotel .
by the way , there &apos;s a corner , which i &apos;m not going to tell you about , which works in the process of working .
i &apos;m not going to tell you , because i want to use it .
so what it means is that this incredible freedom of choice we have to make decisions in terms of work , again and again , whether we should work or not work .
we can watch our kids playing football football , and we have our mobile phone on the hip , and our own friends , and our laptop probably lies on our lap .
and even though you &apos;re all shut off , every minute in which we were our child , at the end of a concert , we also ask ourselves , &quot; should i accept that call ?
should i answer that email ? should i write this letter ? &quot;
and even though the answer to the question &quot; no , &quot; it &apos;s certainly been the experience of your child &apos;s experience , very different than it would have been .
everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , life is a question of choice .
and the world in which we lived lived like this .
i want to say that there were some choices , but not all was a question of choice .
and the world that we live in now looks like this .
and the question is , are the good or bad news ?
the answer is yes .
we all know what &apos;s good about this , so i &apos;m going to do something bad about it .
all of these choices have two effects , two negative effects on people .
one of the things , as a result , is that he &apos;s going to get married instead of free .
with so many options you can choose , people are very hard to decide .
i &apos;m going to give you another example of this , a study of investing in volunteer volunteers .
in fact , a colleague of mine had access to access to computer design , the gigantic factory of about a million employees and about 2,000 different jobs .
and what she found was a 10 times the amount of employers who would take care of participation by two percent .
they give 50 dollars 50 -- 10 percent less employees than they just need to offer five . why ?
because there are 50 breeding points that are set up to choice , it &apos;s so hard to decide what you want to choose to keep it on the morning .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , is never .
understand that that &apos;s not just that people need food food when they go to retirement , because they don &apos;t have enough money to carry on , it means also making decisions in the way that they &apos;re going to miss big security .
in fact , they &apos;re not going to give you up to 5,000 dollars a year on the ted bed , who was happy to reproduce with their contributions .
paralysis is a consequence of a lot of choices .
and i think it makes the world look like this .
they really want to make the decision really if it &apos;s for all eternity , right ?
they don &apos;t want to choose the wrong investment fund , or even be wrong by the wrong place .
so this is the effect . the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we end up less less with the outcome of choice , when if we had the opportunity to give us between less choices .
and there are several reasons for this .
one of them is a little bit of a large choice of different decision-making phones , if you buy one , and it &apos;s not perfect -- and , of course , it &apos;s perfectly perfect ? it &apos;s easy to imagine that you could have a different decision that would have been better , and what &apos;s happening is that it &apos;s going to be a good decision .
the more possibilities there are , the easier it &apos;s at all , is disappointing the choice that they meet .
second , what economists call call action .
dan gilbert made a big point in this morning by telling how much the way we evaluate things is based on what we compare .
well , if there &apos;s a lot of alternatives to think about it , it &apos;s easy to imagine attractive properties of alternative that they exclude , that makes you less happy with the alternative they chose .
here &apos;s an example . for those of you who are not new yorkers , i apologize .
but here &apos;s what you should have thought .
here &apos;s a couple on the hamptons .
very expensive luxury .
beautiful beach . great day . you &apos;ve got it for yourself .
what could be better ? &quot; damn &quot; man &apos;s man , &quot; it &apos;s august .
everybody in my favorite neighborhood is gone .
i could park underneath my house . &quot;
and he spends two weeks from the idea that he &apos;s missed the possibility , day after day , having a great parking lot .
in fact , reducing the happiness that we get through our choice , even when we &apos;ve chosen , is fantastic .
and the more opportunities there are choices to produce more attractive properties of these choices in the general market .
here &apos;s another example .
now , this cartoon is some of the statements .
he &apos;s going to make a statement about it now , and maybe also do things about it .
but a very important point that he &apos;s doing is always who you decide for one thing to decide not to do other things .
and these other things may have many attractive properties , and it &apos;s going to be what they &apos;re going to do less than that .
third , adapting to expectations .
this was what struck me when i was going to exchange my jeans .
i wear jeans , almost all the time .
and there was a time in which there was just a kind of jeans , and they bought them , and they were bad , they were incredibly piercing , and if they carried them long enough and they had a lot of cold , they started to say , &quot; ok . &quot;
so , i was going to buy new jeans for a couple of years of the age of the old , and i said , &quot; i &apos;d like to have a couple of jeans , here &apos;s my size . &quot;
and the monkey writer said , &quot; do you want to make a light , easy or hard ?
do you want buttons or dials ? rock or acid ?
do you want jeans with holes ?
you &apos;d like to cut down , cut , blah , blah blah blah -- &quot; and so on , he said , &quot; and so on .
my jaw was down , and after i recovered , i said , &quot; i &apos;d like to take the species that used to be the only way . &quot;
he had no idea what that was , so i spent an hour of all this damn jeans , and that &apos;s the store -- and i say the truth -- the best right jeans i ever had .
i did better . all these tools allowed me to do better .
but i felt worse .
why ? i wrote a whole book to try and explain it to myself .
the reason i was feeling bad was with all these available possibilities , my expectations for what a good couple of jeans was , walking up .
i had very low expectations . i had no concrete expectations than they were just in a way .
when you were in 100 species , it would be , one of them would be perfect .
and what i got was good , but it wasn &apos;t perfect .
and so as compared as i got to what i expected , what i expected was in comparison to what i expected .
adding weight to opportunities in the lives of people , inevitably , people make expectations about how good these opportunities are going to be .
and this leads to less happiness with the results , even when the results are good .
no one in the world of the white knows knows , because if you would , you don &apos;t know what this is about .
the truth is more like this .
the reason that it was better than everything was worse than everything was worse , was to be able to experience experiences for people who were a comfortable surprise .
today , in the world that we live in -- we have a very common citizen , with perfection as an expectation -- the best for the hope that you can hope , things are as good as you would expect .
you &apos;re never going to be pleasant because your expectations , my expectations , are meaningful .
the secret to cybercrime -- that &apos;s what you &apos;ve all got from -- the secret to law are low expectations .
i want to say -- a short moment of moment -- that i &apos;m married with a woman , and she &apos;s really wonderful .
i couldn &apos;t make it better . i didn &apos;t get myself .
but it &apos;s not always a bad thing to do .
finally , a consequence of a lot of people &apos;s hands on jeans , when there &apos;s only a way to buy a piece , is that if you &apos;re dissatisfied , and you wonder why , who &apos;s responsible , the world is responsible , what could they do ?
if hundreds of different types of jeans are available , and you buy a disappointing , and you ask why why who is responsible ?
it &apos;s also clear that the answer to the question is : you .
you could have done it better .
with 100 different types of jeans in front of the house , there are no excuse for mistakes .
and so when people make decisions , and even when the results of decisions make good , they feel disappointed for them to blame themselves .
clinical depression in the industrial world in the last generation .
i think a media -- -- not the only one , but one of the most powerful people in this explosion of depression , and also suicide , is that people have learned that it &apos;s because they are so high , and then , if you have to explain these experiences , you think it &apos;s your fault .
and so that &apos;s the fact that we &apos;re going to do better and better , and we feel worse .
so let me remind you .
this is the official defense system that we &apos;re all holding for right now , completely wrong . it &apos;s not true .
there &apos;s no question that a choice is better than not , but it doesn &apos;t follow that more choice is better than a choice .
there &apos;s a magical amount . i don &apos;t know what it is .
i &apos;m pretty sure that we missed the point for the choice of making our good life better .
now , as a policy question -- i &apos;m almost done -- as a policy question , the thing about thinking about it , which is what all of these selection enables us to be in the industrialized societies , is the wealth of wealth .
there are many places in the world , and we &apos;ve heard from many of them whose problem is not the big choice .
your problem is they have too little .
so the things i &apos;m talking about is a strange problem of modern , rich , western societies .
and what &apos;s so frustrating and angry is steve steve told you about how much more expensive and hard to don &apos;t help the car seats . it &apos;s a waste of money .
what i &apos;m telling you is that these expensive , complicated decisions -- it &apos;s not easy that they don &apos;t help .
they do even hurt .
it &apos;s that we &apos;re getting worse than that .
if something of what the people of our society allow us to make decisions about the societies that people would have shifted to small choices would not be the only life of human beings , but our dignity will be improved .
economists call this an icelandic application .
it &apos;s going to worry that it &apos;s going to go all the way -- not just the poor -- because all these great choices we have .
finally , read the cartoon to you , and , finally , an amazing person , say , &quot; ah ! what does this fish know ?
you don &apos;t know anything possible in this oven-like system . &quot;
fantasy imagination , a relational view of the world -- and that &apos;s the way i first read it .
the more i thought about it , the more i found in the view that the fish knows something .
because the truth is that if you break the break , so that everything is possible , you don &apos;t have freedom ; you have paralysis .
if you break that break , so that everything is possible , it lower happiness .
they increase the paralysis and lower happiness .
everybody needs a policy system .
this is almost limited to perfect security -- possibly also for fish , definitely for us .
but the main thing about this metaphor is a recipe of misery , a recipe for misery , and i think disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i &apos;ve talked about some of these projects before the human genome and what that might mean , and the discovery of new groups of genes .
in fact , we &apos;re starting from a new point : we &apos;ve digitized the biology , and now we &apos;re trying to get out of the digital code in a new phase of biology by creating new life and building it .
we always tried to ask significant questions .
what is life ? it &apos;s something that i think many biologists have tried to understand , and that &apos;s on different levels .
we tried to have a different approach to simplify it for the minimum components .
we &apos;ve digitized nearly 20 years . when we sequenced the dna genome , it &apos;s made out of the analog world of biology in the digital world of the computer .
now we &apos;re trying to ask whether we can regenerate or whether we can create new life , from this digital universe ?
this is the map of a small organism , mycoplasma genitalium , which is the smallest genome of a species that can replicate itself in the lab , and we &apos;ve tried to do that with a smaller genome .
we &apos;ve managed to get about a hundred genes from the 500 or the ones that are here .
but if we look at this metabolic map that &apos;s very simple , compared to ours , trust me , it &apos;s simple , but if we look at all of these genes that we can be able to eliminate one of the other , it &apos;s very unlikely that it &apos;s going to eliminate a living cell .
and so we decided that it &apos;s the only way to see this chromosome in a very small way , which allows us to vary the individual components and make some of these fundamental questions .
and so we started with the question , can we synthesize a chromosome ?
does it allow the chemistry to create this really large molecules that has never been done before ?
and if we can do that , can we do the chromosome ?
now , a chromosome is just a piece of a chemical chemical material .
our steps to cover the life of life is exponentially .
our ability to write genetic code has been evolving very slowly , but we have increased , and our final point is going to go on an exponential curve .
we started this project 15 years ago .
it actually took a couple of years from mit to a conceptual review before we did the first experiments .
and it turns out it &apos;s a very difficult thing to do .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world that can make the little pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters long , but it &apos;s a continuous process , so the longer you get a piece of power , the more errors that happen .
so we had to develop a new method that we were able to put up these little pieces and try to correct the mistakes .
this was our first attempt , starting with the digital information , the genome phi x 174 .
it &apos;s a little virus of killing bacteria .
and we made little pieces , made a ct scan and had a dna molecule from about 5,000 letters .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of chemical chemical and put it into a bacterium , and the bacteria began to read the genetic code and made viral viral .
the viral particles were sent up by the cells , and they came back and killed e. coli .
i recently talked to the oil industry , and they said they could figure out this model .
they laughed more than you do it .
so we think that this is a situation in which software can actually build your hardware hardware in a biological system .
but we wanted to go much further . we wanted to build an entire chromosome chromosome . it &apos;s more than a letter of genetic code , so we thought we could build it in cassette footage to figure out what the single components of a living cell could be .
design is the key , and if you want to start with digital information in the computer , this digital information must be really accurate .
when we first sequenced the genome of 1995 , the first thing was that it was in a mistake with 10,000 pairs of pairs .
we found a lot of mistakes when we had the original sequence , if we had used the original sequence , it would never have been possible .
a part of the design is to create pieces that have 50 words long , and that have to overlap with other pieces of light to build smaller detectors that fit fit together .
we &apos;ve created a little bit of elements here .
you may have heard that we &apos;ve built something like this .
think about it : we have a neural code : a , c , g and t.
and this is a letter of these letters -- these letters code about 20 amino acids , and there &apos;s a single purpose for each of these amino acids .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts .
at first we had signed signed .
some people were disappointed that it was no poetry .
we built the pieces so we could just capture them with enzymes , and there are enzymes that repair these repair and again bring together together .
and we &apos;ve started creating pieces , starting with the pieces that have five to four letters of letters , put these together together to make them together , to rebuild them again .
in each step , we &apos;ve added these pieces into the surplus that we could sequence it because we tried to create a very robust process of what you &apos;re going to see in a minute .
we tried to get to the point of slavery .
so , this looks like a coastline .
if we get to the right big chunks -- with 100,000 pairs of pairs -- they &apos;re not just growing in e. coli . it goes beyond all the opportunities in modern molecular biology , and so we kind of set up some additional mechanisms .
we were called by a mechanism called a satellite system called the biology that uses biology to repair dna that can bring these pieces together .
here &apos;s an example of this . there &apos;s an organism called a hundred million rads of light in the three million rads of radiation .
you see in the upper field that its chromosome is just apart .
12 to 24 hours later , they put together together like it was .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
these organisms can be completely dried , they can even live in a vacuum .
i &apos;m absolutely sure that life can exist in space and be able to move on search for conditions .
in fact , nasa has shown that there &apos;s a lot of them out there .
here &apos;s a piece of dna from the molecule that we created by using these processes -- actually , we &apos;ve just used a dna scan using the right design of the pieces , and we put them out . yeast doesn &apos;t put it together .
this is not a rocket reef , and it &apos;s a quantum ball .
it &apos;s such a big molecule that we can even see at the bottom of the brain .
these are images over a span of six seconds .
this is the publication we just finished before .
these are about four letters of code code code , and it &apos;s the largest molecule with the structure that has ever been created by humans .
it has a million percent of them over 300 million .
if we could print it with a minimum of 10 and without distances , it would contain different pages of data , just about this genetic code .
now , how do we start a chromosome ? how would we activate it ?
obviously , it &apos;s very simple with a virus , and it &apos;s a lot more complicated with bacteria .
it &apos;s also easier to do it in the way we do it , you just take out the nucleus and have a different one , and that &apos;s exactly what all of you have heard about cloning .
now , in parallel to the cell , the chromosome in the cell is actually recently showing that you can have a minimal transplant chromosome from a cell to another and then activate that .
now , we were using the chromosome of a solar virus , roughly speaking , these are both apart from humans and mice , and we had a couple of pieces of data that we could pick up this chromosome , and we were using it to enzymes to destroy all these proteins , and it was very amazing when we put it into a cell -- and it was very amazing .
the new chromosome went into the cell .
in fact , we thought that this is the end , but we tried to get the process a little bit further .
this is the evolution of evolution here .
we find all kinds of species here that have a second chromosome , or a third of billions of people , every year , thousands of variations on a second of a species .
so people who imagine evolution as a gene that has changed in a moment has lost a lot of biology .
there are enzymes called enzymes called the dna cells actually actually dna dna .
the chromosome in the cell has no one ; the chromosomes that we put on there .
it was made in the cell , and then there was the other chromosome as a foreign material , and that &apos;s how we had a cell at the end of a new chromosome .
it was blue blue because of the genes that we put in .
and after a very short period of time , it had all been characteristics of species , and completely completely connected to a new species based on the new software that we have in the cell .
so all of the proteins that changed the membranes -- when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we &apos;ve stopped .
it may be known as genomic maps , but we can by changing the way that we change things that are quite dramatic .
now i have argued that this is not the most powerful -- that &apos;s based on 3.5 billion years ago .
and i have argued that we might be able to create a new form of cambrian explosion in which there could be massive new principles based on this digital design .
why should we do that ?
i think it &apos;s quite obvious to what we need .
we are from six and a half to nine billion people in the next 40 years .
to make it happen to me , i was born born in year .
today , three people have lived in this planet for every single year in the year , and within 40 years it will be four .
we have problems with food , with fresh and clean water , medicine , fuel for six billion people .
it &apos;s going to provide a challenge to nine .
we need about five billion tons of coal , a billion billion barrels of oil , that &apos;s a hundred million barrels a day .
if we think about biological processes or any process to replace that , it becomes a huge challenge .
then , of course , there &apos;s all the co2 from this material that goes into the atmosphere .
we have now , from our discoveries from the world , a database of about 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these are the most important of the future .
the shuttle has had a dozen components , and you see the diversity that came out of it .
and we &apos;re looking at the line of the reality of biological reality and in our sense of view .
we have technologies today because of this fast technology project to do what we call genetics genetics .
now we have the ability to build a big robot to produce millions of chromosomes on the day .
if you imagine taking these 20 million different genes , or trying to optimize these processes to innovate , or drugs , new technologies , we can change a very small team of molecular biology than the last 20 years .
and it &apos;s just selection , and we can go out and go out of chemicals , produce production of chemicals or so on .
this is a shot of actual work that we &apos;re working on , where you actually actually sit and play new species on the computer .
you know , we don &apos;t necessarily know what it looks like . we know exactly what their genetic code is going to look like .
we &apos;re focusing on our fourth generation now .
you &apos;ve seen corn ethanol , which is just a bad experiment .
we &apos;ve got input from the production and the third generation that are relatively soon coming out , much more likely to be more likely to be , more than more or more different types of technologies .
but , as we think , the only way that biology has a huge impact without any increase in food or the limitation of their availability is when we see co2 as the source source , and therefore we &apos;re going to work with cells that go through this path .
and we think we &apos;re going to be the first of the fourth generation of the fourth generation , and that &apos;s about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method .
but in our discovery of the world , we have all kinds of different ways .
this is an organism we &apos;ve described in 1996 .
it lives in the deep sea , about 16,000 miles deep deep , almost in the middle of the land .
it removes co2 in methane under the use of hydrogen as a source of energy .
we &apos;re looking at whether we can use co2 co2 that could just be able to get into the air , reduce co2 in fuel , to make this process .
within a short period of time we think we could be able to solve one of the fundamental questions of life .
you know , we really have -- -- targets , like the rest of the entire dry industry industry -- right . if you can &apos;t do that at ted , where else do you want to get a power of energy ?
but the same thing we &apos;re working on now is to apply the same approach to vaccines .
you &apos;ve seen this year with flu , we &apos;re always going to go back a year and have a dollar too little when it &apos;s about the right vaccine .
i think that that can be changed by making vaccines vaccines .
this is what the future might look like in changes , today today &apos;s consumption is going to be augmented with synthetic bacteria , and bacteria , and perhaps more effective .
we are light light from from people to improve people , and our goal is that we have a chance to survive long enough to survive that . thank you very much .
at the last ted conference , i gave an introduction to the lhc .
and i promised to come back to explain how the machine works .
so it &apos;s so far . and for all those who didn &apos;t have it , the lhc was the largest scientific experiment that was focused on -- 27 miles in diameter .
his job is to create the conditions that are less than a second second second after the universe of the universe -- and to 600 million times a second .
it &apos;s just just ambitious .
this is the machine underneath geneva .
we take images of these detectors in detectors .
this is me working . it &apos;s called atlas atlas -- 44 meters in the width , 22 meters in diameter .
so here &apos;s a spectacular picture of the atlas in the construction so you can see the scale .
last september of september last year , the machine was at first .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it has huge power detectors in the control room .
it &apos;s a picture of the first brain , which is all the way to remove the lhc , to move to a fraction of the lhc to make a rain of particles on the detector .
in other words , when we saw this picture on september 10 , we knew that the machine works , which is a great triumph .
i don &apos;t know if this was going to create the largest economy , or this , when someone came to the google page and found the front page .
it means that we have a cultural impact next to the scientific world .
about a week later , there was a problem with the machine that had to do with these wires here -- this golden wires here .
these wires go in to work when the machine is on the air table .
now , the engineers among you will look at them and say , &quot; no you don &apos;t . these are little wires . &quot;
you can afford that , because if you cool them very far , you &apos;ll call it a little bit of what it &apos;s called .
so at minus 5,000 degrees , cooler than the space between the stars , these wires can withstand tension .
in one of the connections , between a magnet magnet on the lhc , there was a petition .
and so they put the wires up , and then the wires go along , and they have a resistance of the resistance .
this was the result .
well , this is all wonderful , if you imagine that the magnet over 20 tons , and it moves around about 30 inches .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets .
and they had to take away what we did .
we put them out , they dress them .
they &apos;re all back back to your way .
by march end , the lhc will be functional again .
we &apos;re going to turn it up and give you first data in june or july , and let our journey continue to figure out what the building blocks of the universe are .
now , of course , in a way like these accidents , the accidents have spent the value of science and medical events in such borders , and it &apos;s easy to reject this kind of thing .
i think the fact that it &apos;s so hard to change the fact that we move beyond our limitations is the value of things like the lhc .
i &apos;m going to leave my favorite words to a english scientist , a professor of mine , who i think when he &apos;s done the most successful experiments of his interstate defending , his apprentice was michael michael , who says , &quot; nothing is so dangerous for the development of the human mind , assuming that our scientific ideas are clear . &quot;
thank you .
i &apos;m a writer .
writing to me is my profession , but it &apos;s more than that .
it &apos;s also my big , transformative love and fascination .
and i don &apos;t expect that to change .
but today , recent has been a little curious thing in my life and my career , which led me to rethink my relationship with this work .
this curious event was that i wrote a book recently -- a biography called the most famous computer , a little bit of love , love love -- -- that &apos;s , unlike all my previous books for any reason in the world , there was a big success , an international development system .
the result is that i don &apos;t care where i &apos;m going to be treated , as if i &apos;m going to get down the doom .
seriously , the lowest boom !
for example , they get to worry about me and say , &quot; don &apos;t you fear you &apos;re never going to be able to beat this success ?
don &apos;t you fear that you &apos;re changing your whole life and never create a book that cares anybody in the world ? never again ?
okay , that really makes the courage .
but it would be worse if i didn &apos;t remember what i was about about 20 years ago when i first said that i was going to be a writer , and i wanted to be a writer with the same kind of surgical response .
people said , &quot; you have no fear , you have never been successful ?
do you worry that you kill the humiliation of a killing ?
don &apos;t you fear that you &apos;re going to take your life in your life and make it happen something that you &apos;re going to die on a more sacred dreams -- your mouth filled with the bitter grasses of failure ?
so , you know , you know .
the answer -- the short answer to all these questions : is yes .
yeah , i &apos;m afraid of all these things .
and i always did .
and i have a lot of things that fear a lot of things that no one would learn .
like algae -- and other things like that .
but when i think about writing , i &apos;ve been thinking about this , and i wonder , why is it ?
is it rational ?
does it make sense that someone should be expected to do the work that he &apos;s doing to make the job ?
and what happens to creative experiments that they &apos;re going to make us uncertain the quality of the mental quality -- in a way that other people don &apos;t do ?
my father , for example , was chemist , and i can &apos;t remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist he asked if he was afraid to be chemists .
with your favorite , john -- how do you do it ?
it just didn &apos;t come , you know ?
but to be fair -- the group of chemists have not given over the centuries of the people who are killing people &apos;s reputation .
we also seem to have this kind of reputation , but not only the writers , but the creative of all of us , seem to be like being the ultimate , as unstable as unstable .
all you have to do is look at the bitter fats of really great minds from the 20th century , who were young and often from their own hand .
and even the ones that didn &apos;t actually have necessarily committed , seemingly influenced by their talents .
norman norman said shortly after his death interview , and every one of my books has killed me a little bit further .
it &apos;s a extraordinary statement that you can do about your life work .
but we don &apos;t even even know if we &apos;re going to hear somebody like this , because we &apos;ve heard this kind of statements for this long time , and somehow we have the notion of the biota and collectively collective that creativity and suffering somehow , in the end , leads to the science .
the question i &apos;m going to show you here today is this idea for you all right ?
do you feel about that ? because with a centimeter distance , i don &apos;t really feel like that perception at all .
i think they were terrifying .
and i think it &apos;s dangerous . and i don &apos;t want to watch how she &apos;s taken into the next century .
i think it &apos;s better when we encourage our very creative creative lives .
and i definitely know that it &apos;s for me -- in my situation -- very dangerous , to be able to start , this kind of dark path of the kind of argument -- especially the fact that i &apos;m in my career right now .
this is -- you see , i &apos;m pretty young . i &apos;m just about 40 years old .
i might have another 40 years of mine in me .
and it &apos;s very likely that all i &apos;m talking about is writing from the world as the work that happened to the last success of my last book , right ?
i &apos;m going to say it , because we &apos;re all sort of friends -- you know , it &apos;s very likely that my greatest success is behind me .
oh , jesus , what a thought !
this is the kind of thought that people can do to start nine a.m. in the morning , gin , and that &apos;s not what i want to do .
i would prefer to do this work i love .
so the question is : how ?
and after some time of time , i seems to be able to write writing , to create a kind of radical psychological design .
somehow , i have to find from a way to find a safe distance from real music between me and my very natural natural information about how the reaction is going to be on the writing .
while i was looking for models for the last year , to look at this , i looked at the past , and i tried to find other societies to see if they might have better or more ideas about the way that they could be creative , how to deal with creativity .
this search led me to old greece and the old rome rome .
please tell me , because the circle will end up again .
but in ancient greece and rome , people didn &apos;t believe that creativity comes from people , okay ?
they believed that creativity was a kind of temporal soup that came from a distant , unknown source of people -- from a new , unknown reason .
the greeks called this divine attribute of creativity to liberate the demons of demons .
from socrates , he believed that he had a minister that he had to tell him from a lot of distance .
the romans had the same idea , called this kind of creative creative mind a genius genius .
this is great . the romans didn &apos;t really think that a genius was a particularly clever individual .
they believed that a genius was this kind of magical hallucination , which was that there was literally in the walls of a shoe of life -- something like this , which was the world , and the artist , and the artist in the work , was invisible invisible , and the outcome of work .
that &apos;s brilliant -- there it is , there &apos;s the distance that i talked about -- the psychological construct that protect you from the follow of your work .
and everybody knew that it worked , right ?
the artist &apos;s artists was protected for certain things , like , for example , too much narcissism , right ?
if your work was brilliant , you could not look at anything for you . everybody knew that you had this stupid genius that helped you .
if your work doesn &apos;t work -- not just your mistakes , right ?
everybody knew , your genius was paralyzed .
so people in the west have really thought about creativity for a long time .
and then the renaissance came and changed . we had this big idea , and this big idea was , let &apos;s take the human individual into the center of the universe -- about all gods and mysteries , and there &apos;s no room for mystic creatures to take the orders of divinity .
it &apos;s the beginning of rational humanism , and people began to think that creativity was completely from their individual individual .
for the first time in history , you may hear people like this or these artists , instead of having a genius -- instead of having a genius .
i have to tell you , i think that was a big mistake .
you know ? i think i want to allow one person to think that he thinks it &apos;s like the gourd , like the pelvis and the essence , and the source of all divinity , creative , cut-off , endless space is a little bit too much responsibility for a lot of responsibility .
it &apos;s like somebody asking to swallow the sun .
that &apos;s and the entire complete egos , and it creates all these transcendent expectations for success .
and i think that this climber has taken our artists over the last 500 years .
and if that &apos;s true , and i think it &apos;s true -- it &apos;s the question .
can we change it ?
perhaps to a ancient understanding about the relationship between people and the mystery of the creative return .
maybe not .
maybe we can &apos;t be able to be able to do that 500 years out of 500 years of rational dollars , in a verbal talk .
and there are certainly people in this audience who really should have a scientific scientific debate about the idea of -- basically -- people who are people who are taking people and practices on their projects , etc . , etc .
i &apos;m probably not going to take all of you on this journey .
but the question i &apos;m going to say is , why not ?
why not think about that ?
because it makes as much sense as anything else i &apos;ve heard about when it &apos;s about trying to explain the absolutely crazy cartoon of the creative process .
a process that is -- like everybody knows that it &apos;s ever tried to do something -- so in other words , everybody &apos;s here -- not always sensible acts .
in fact , he can actually feel really miserable .
i had a close encounter recently when i met the extraordinary american poet made stone stone , who was now about 90 , but she told me that she was working in the fields of virginia virginia , she told me that she was going to be able to feel and learn like a poem on the countryside .
she said it would be like a tough move out of air .
it was about the land on the countryside .
she felt when it came , because it would take the earth under your feet .
she knew that she could just just do one of the same things , and that was -- in their words -- a race race as the devil fell .
they ran like the devil in the house while she was followed by this poem , and it was just just that they had to get fast enough of a sheet of paper and a pencil , so that they could take it if they could go through them and get it on the sheet .
with other paintings , she wasn &apos;t fast enough . she ran and ran and ran , but she didn &apos;t get the house , and the poem would go through them , and she missed it , she said it was going to move on land and -- as she said .
and then there were these moments -- i &apos;m never going to forget -- i said that there were moments in which they missed it .
so she goes to the house and search for the paper , and the poem goes through them and she picks up a pen as it goes through them and then -- she said -- it was like to get to your own hand .
they caught the poem on his tail , and she pulled it back into her body and took it on the sheet of paper .
in this occasion , the poem came completely and intact on paper -- but backwards -- from the last word for the first .
when i heard that , i thought that it was weird -- that &apos;s exactly how my creative process is happening .
this is not like my creative process -- i &apos;m not the channel !
i &apos;m a bridge engineer . i &apos;m going to have to get up every day , and i have to stand up and sit at the same time , and i &apos;m going to go out and relax .
but even in my hubris , i had a little bit of this thing .
and i guess many of you did .
even though i had work or ideas that made out of a source from me , i &apos;m really not able to identify .
what is this thing ?
and how do we deal with that without having to understand our minds , but to keep ourselves at the opposite of mental health ?
for me , the best living example of how you can do this is the way that the musicians can be tom , and i gave him a few years ago for a magazine .
we talked about this topic . and you know what ? most of his time , tom was the embodiment of the modern modern artist who was trying to manage and maintain with these forgotten creative impulses that have been able to deal with them and deal with them .
but then he became older and quiet . he told me he was going to a los angeles los angeles , and it changed all the time for him .
he went at high speed when he suddenly shows a little fragment of a tune , which is , in a sense , in a lot of time , it &apos;s difficult for him , and he wants to do it . she &apos;s got it . he &apos;s going to do it , but he can &apos;t do it .
he doesn &apos;t have a piece of paper ; he doesn &apos;t have a pen , he doesn &apos;t have a designer shop .
so , it starts , this old operator is going to rise to him , like , i mean , i &apos;m going to lose this thing and get rid of this song forever .
i &apos;m not good enough , i don &apos;t make it . &quot;
but instead of getting out of panic , he just stopped .
he left the whole story , and did something completely new .
he just looked in the sky and said , &quot; excuse me , can &apos;t see that i &apos;m driving car ? &quot;
i mean , i &apos;m looking at a song when i just read a song ?
if you really want to exist , come back to a second moment , if i can take care of you .
if you don &apos;t , somebody else is somebody else .
go home and leonard leonard cohen .
his whole business system has changed after that .
not the work itself . it &apos;s always been dark as well as ever .
but the process and the heavy facade that surrounds him was when he made the genius out of it , where he had nothing to do with trouble , and he got out , and he realized that there was no way to have a big , big thing .
there could be a wondrous , wondrous , bizarre collaboration , a kind of conversation between tom and the silent , physical thing that was not very tom .
when i heard this story , it also became a little bit of the way i worked , and i &apos;ve been saving it once .
this idea i took me when i was in the middle of the middle of the americas , in love , love , love , and i fell in one of these clouds of the streams of dna that we all fall out when we &apos;re working on something , and it &apos;s not going to work that it &apos;s going to be a disaster . it &apos;s going to be a state of thinking .
not just bad , but worst of all times .
i started thinking , i should just project the project .
but then i remembered how tom was talking to the free sky , and i tried it .
so i raised my view of the manuscript and i talked to my comment on a empty corner of space .
i talked loudly , whoa listen , you do , you , i , you know , if this book is not brilliant , it &apos;s not completely my fault , right ?
because you see that i do all i have , invest . i don &apos;t have more than that .
so if you want to have better , you &apos;ve got to put up here and raise your rate of scale .
okay . but if you don &apos;t do -- you know what , the heck then .
i &apos;m going to write more , because that &apos;s my job .
and i want to give you a report that i was here for my part of the jobs here .
because ... -- at the end of it , it &apos;s like following . centuries ago , in fact , in the deserts deserts , people came up with saint dances and music dances , hours for hours -- until dawn .
these were always great , because the dancers were professional and they were fantastic .
but again and again , very rare , something special happened , one of the actors was actually implanted .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know you all have in your life already having such a performance .
it was as if the time time and the dancers were going through a kind of priesthood , and he did nothing different than he had ever done before -- 1,000 nights before , but everything added together .
and suddenly , there was no longer a word of human being .
it was light up from the inside and up and down and down , and it &apos;s all wrapped up by a fire fire .
once that happened , the people knew what this was . they called it on his name .
they put the hands together , and they started singing , they &apos;d go back , they &apos;d be , you know , ooh , god , god , god , god .
that &apos;s god , you know ?
interesting historic footnote , when the gothic minister came in , brought them this practice , and pronunciation has changed in the course of the centuries of centuries , the , , , the most painful , to be a lexicographer , which is , in the case of the world , and that &apos;s the most popular thing that you &apos;ve ever seen at the math and the nobel prize .
if an elite in spain was something impossible , something magic did : the world &apos;s military , the world , the dominant , the most powerful , a great thing , a very impressive thing , because it &apos;s : a looking look at god .
and that &apos;s great , because we need that .
but , the tricky part is going to follow the next morning when the dancers wake up and realize that it &apos;s 11 o &apos;clock on a tuesday -- and there &apos;s no longer an ounce of god in it .
he &apos;s just a prosthetic foot with a knee with low-level knees , and maybe it will never go back to that altitude again .
and maybe it &apos;s never going to name any god name , if he &apos;s moving , but what would he do with the rest of his life ?
that &apos;s hard .
this is one of the most promising rivals of a creative life .
but maybe it doesn &apos;t have to be very crowded if you didn &apos;t believe that they didn &apos;t believe the most extraordinary aspects of their existence .
if you might just believe that they &apos;re a loan -- from a solid source for a lifetime of your life that &apos;s going to be passed on somebody else , when they &apos;re done with it .
when we start thinking about this , it changes .
so i started thinking , and i think , in the past months , i &apos;ve been working on the book when i was working on the book , as the dangerous , frightening , very expected successor to my success thing .
what i have to say to myself is when i &apos;m crazy about this , i don &apos;t have fear .
don &apos;t freak out .
just do your job .
it &apos;s still on your contribution , whatever it may be .
when your job is the dance , dance .
if the stupid divine genius that &apos;s been given to the side is deciding for a moment to show a sense of wonder through your effort , then more painful !
and if not , dance dance your dance .
and yamaha &apos;s a riot ! yes , for all of you .
and i believe that , and i feel that we should teach this .
you know , mister roast ! ! for all of you , all right , just for you to just touch the mere human love and the girl , to be there .
thank you .
thank you .
yay !
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate the fact that the arctic health system that was for nearly three million years , the size of the lower 48 states , was shrunk to 40 percent .
but this doesn &apos;t push strong enough the seriousness of this particular problem because it doesn &apos;t absorb the thickness of ice .
in a certain sense , the arctic state of the future is the beating heart of our global economy .
it grows in winter and floods in the summer .
the next slide i &apos;m going to show you is something that has happened in the last 25 years .
it &apos;s called red red .
as you can see , it grows on the scale of this . this is the annual ice in winter , and it rains in the summer .
this is what we call five years old , five years old , and it &apos;s almost like blood , which comes out of the body here .
in 25 years it &apos;s going to be gone here .
this is a problem because the warming is frozen because of the arctic ocean , where there &apos;s large quantities of carbon dioxide , which is when it &apos;s going to be made by microbes from methane to methane .
compared to the entire amount of metabolic materials in the atmosphere , it could double double if we cross this critical point .
today , in some shallow lakes in alaska , methane is from the water .
professor walter walter &apos;s university in alaska is another race to a different flat lake last winter .
wow !
she &apos;s good . the question is , how are we going to do it ?
and the reason is that this enormous heat heat on the north is rising from the north .
this is a timely project .
but the volume are much bigger than ever before .
this is the river river in the greenland greenland .
if you want to know , as sea levels grow up , you &apos;re going to get into the sea .
these rivers are starting to take fast .
on the other end of the planet , antarctica , the largest main candidate on the planet .
last month , researchers have learned that the entire continent has a negative brain rate .
and the key ones that came up with a couple of layers of view is particularly powerful .
this is 20 feet away , like greenland .
in the himalayas , the north mountains , you see new lakes that had glaciers glaciers a few years ago .
40 percent of all the people on the world get half of their educational attacks from this planet .
in the andes , this glacier is the lifeblood of this city .
the halls have been expanding .
but if you &apos;re cremated , it will also reduce the most drinking water .
in california , a 40 percent reduction in the u.s. mortality industry .
this is due to climate change .
and the predictions , as you &apos;ve read , are serious .
these trade-offs in the entire world lead to a dramatic increase in fire .
and there are disasters everywhere around the world who have been in a really autocratic and unprecedented scale .
four times the number of years in the last 30 years , in the most 80s .
this is a completely gratuitous place .
if you look at this in a historical context , you can see what it &apos;s like .
in the last five years , we have 70 million tons of co2 producing all 24 hours -- 25 million tons every day in the oceans .
look at the area of the eastern pacific precisely , from american continent west and north america of indian india , where there &apos;s a very low decline in the oxygen in the ocean .
the biggest single factor for global warming , besides deforestation , which is 20 percent , is the burning of fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is the most important problem .
the united states is one of the two largest migrant workers , together with china .
and the proposal was to build a lot of other design projects .
but we begin to see a change .
here are the ones that are taken out in the last few years with some green alternatives that were proposed .
there &apos;s a political argument in our country .
and then the most expensive , and a lot of people have spent a couple of dollars last year to spend clean coal , which is a contradiction in itself .
this picture reminded me of something .
around christmas , i went home in tennessee , a billion tons of plastic waste .
you saw it in the news .
this is in our entire country of the americas in america &apos;s country .
this happened for christmas .
one of the commercials of the christmas department for christmas was the one .
the world &apos;s book professor is a playwright , happy fellow .
it gives it in skin and abundance in america , and it helps us grow our economy .
silk , the cleaner is going to clean clean every day .
it &apos;s affordable and refreshing , and workers stay in wages and bread .
this is the source of most coal in west virginia .
the most powerful one of the most powerful is the director of saint mau &apos;s .
let me tell you a very clear thing : al gore , nancy nuts , harry dancing , they don &apos;t know what they &apos;re talking about .
so the alliance of climate is called two campaigns .
this is one , part of you .
in the case of the climate change , we see climate change as a serious danger for our business .
that &apos;s why we set up the top goal , and we &apos;ve spent a quarter of a major workforce , and we have to have a bunch of jobs in the way to make the truth about coal .
in fact , coal is not dirty .
we think it &apos;s clean -- and it also smells good .
so , don &apos;t worry about climate change .
leave it for us .
coal coal , you &apos;ve heard a lot of it .
so let &apos;s take a tour of this modern , clean line of power .
fantastic ! this machine is pretty loud .
but it &apos;s the sound of the clean solar system .
and yet , coal is one of the main reasons for global warming , which is the very clean cooling plants that you see here , changes everything .
look at this , this is the today &apos;s clean power system .
finally , the positive alternative with our economic challenge and our challenge of national security .
america is in a crisis , the economy , the national security , the climate crisis .
the red thread that connects all of them is our dependence on fossil fuels like dirty coal and oil oil .
but now there &apos;s a bold , new solution to get us out of this goddamn situation .
solar-electrified america with 100 percent cleaner electricity , within the next 10 years .
a plan to bring america back to work is to make us safer and help to stop global warming .
finally , a solution that &apos;s big enough to solve our problems .
native america is new . they find more .
this is the last one .
it &apos;s about a u.s. trade of america .
one of the fastest-growing ways , our dependence on old , dirty fuels that will our our lives , will reduce .
the future is here . wind , sun and a new energy system .
new investment to make good jobs for jobs .
it &apos;s time to accept reality , and it &apos;s time to accept reality .
there &apos;s an old african saying , &quot; if you want to be fast , go alone .
if you want to come far , go together . &quot;
we have to get far , and quickly .
thank you .
i &apos;d like to start with you , when you were playing with your childhood , when you were playing with football .
and when they realized how to reach the hands , and to get it , the amount of time that it &apos;s going to come out and move , they actually learned to think about and understand problems about understanding and changing problems .
the spatial thinking is deeply connected to how we understand a lot of our environment .
as a computer scientist , inspired by the kind of interaction with real objects -- together with my favorite friend of mine and my colleagues , i began to wonder , what if we could use computers , instead of a piece of light , that would be , if we were able to intervene with both hands , and do it physically , and what could we do ?
and this question was so profound that we decided to develop the answer , and we were developing engineering skills .
in a short way , a computer computer is a interactive computer in size size .
you can move by your hand , you can see each other , you can take your movements , and you have a screen and an airplane .
more important : are the physical things that you can just be able to get out of your hands and get able to get access to access and access .
and these are an example of a new generation of representation of digital digital data .
and if these tools are going to become physical and conscious awareness of their movements , each other will recognize and capture the subtleties of our dna with them , then we can start to explore the new new and more honest degrees .
i &apos;m going to start with some simple examples .
this is a car designer for the most prolific , and when i turn it into a direction , the video will go forward , if i push it into the other direction , it &apos;s going backwards .
and these interactive portraits take each other .
so when i put them together , you get your interest .
if you &apos;re surrounded by the water , you can see that , and you can get a little nervous .
and they also feel their movements and the tilt .
so an interesting consequence of the interactions that we started to recognize was that we could use ordinary gestures on data , like how to cross color in the way that you can do that with liquids .
in this case , we have three main cars as a car engineer , and i can use them to cast color in the middle of the middle , where they &apos;re going to mix together .
if we overdo it , we can do a little bit more complicated .
there are also some kind of nice ways in education like languages , mathematics or engineering , where we can give people the opportunity to take fast and fast and look at the results .
here i am -- this is a fibonacci series that i &apos;m doing with a simple three-dimensional concrete creature .
this is a game with words , which is a kind of mixture of a commodity and a pharmaceutical system .
basically , you take every round of points to each other in random randomly , and you &apos;re trying to make words , and you &apos;re trying to make words over a dictionary .
then , after about 30 seconds , there &apos;s been mixed together , and you &apos;ve got a new new and new opportunity to try .
thank you .
these are some of the kids who came on a trip to the media lab , and i could get them to try it and put a video out of it .
they really loved it .
an interesting fact in this kind of applications is that you don &apos;t have to give people a lot of instructions .
all you have to say is &quot; words , &quot; and you know exactly what to do .
here are a couple of people who test it .
that &apos;s our youngest scientist there on the bottom right .
and it turns out that he wanted to take a pile of pieces of wood .
so for him , they were just scratched .
this is an interactive interactive camera .
we wanted to develop a design plan for a design system .
this is a bat .
he can bring new characters into the scene by using the removal of the table , which shows this character .
here he &apos;s hitting the sun .
the sun goes on .
now he picks up a tractor in the scene .
the orange wing was tractor .
good job ! yes !
by shaking the shake and shaking her side side , he can use the characters to interact ...
... his own story .
hello !
it &apos;s a story with open end , and he can decide how they evolved .
flying cat .
the last example i &apos;ve been doing today is to show you , in a sense of time , that we &apos;ve recently developed , and in the process , as the sound of the sound of the sound , as loud , bass and drums .
each one has four different variations ; you can select what you want to use .
and you can fold these notes into the sequence that you can organize in any pattern .
and you put them in a way by just putting a pin on a pin .
there are effects that you can live live in like like hall and filters .
you connect it with a certain sound and then it tends to hire it .
and then there are more effects on the speed of speed and volume that you do in the entire sequence .
so let &apos;s see .
we start when we put the carbon receptor into two lattice of cells and put them into a series , and it &apos;s going to add a little bit more of the voice .
now i add a bass .
now i &apos;m going to do some drums on this .
and now i put the filter with the drums , so i can do the effect live in life .
i can accelerate the whole sequence through the speed of one or another direction .
and now i put the filter still with the bass , for some more expression .
i can sequence the sequence as it goes .
i don &apos;t have to plan them in advance , but it can improvise ; they &apos;re going to expand or shrink .
and finally , i can get the whole sequence out of the way that i &apos;re running out on the left .
thank you .
so , as you can see , my excitement is to develop new organizational technologies that make better sense of how our brains and bodies work .
and today , i had time to give you a part of this new software project and some of the ways that we work in our lab .
the idea i &apos;d like to leave you with on the way is that we &apos;re at the threshold of this new generation of interaction interaction with interaction with digital media , the information in which we can bring information into our world .
thank you .
i &apos;m happy to talk to you about the rest of you !
yeah , good day .
i &apos;m glad i &apos;m there .
yeah , so what &apos;s going to be generic ?
i just have to step back a little bit , and you &apos;re busy looking at modern molecular biology .
i &apos;ve molecular molecular biology , and i &apos;ve been doing biology for a couple of years now , and i started , because i just wanted to know more , and it really wanted to do what i learned in studying research .
so , that was my primary motivation .
so it was a curiosity and i wanted to get closer to the matter , like that .
i think molecular biology in general now , generally speaking , biotechnology , everything that you count , synthetic biology and so on .
but important is now extremely important , and much more , much more important in the future .
there are so controversial things like these all genetically engineered plants on the plants .
there &apos;s now venter venter in the street that tries to make a difference , and gas from algae .
but there are also things that have been completely connected to the people who are not aware of most people , for example , that allow us to wash at 40 degrees of laundry , are genetically selfish enzymes .
and the list can continue to go on .
and so , in the part of this technology , i &apos;m going to continue to go further on .
so why do we hack ?
most of you know most people from the top of the brain .
computers , and then it will always happen in the media , yes , the hackers break out somewhere and add data and so forth .
and that &apos;s kind of a sad thing for the smartest of that , because that &apos;s not what it really started like , and what &apos;s actually behind it .
and this is the fact , the 1970s , in the early &apos; 70s , and it was also the internet that came out of the internet .
and it &apos;s about working on a playful , creative , original way of solving a problem .
and the problem is that it &apos;s not just a technical problem , it &apos;s also a social problem , it can also be a way to measure things like things , so you can do something else , a question , and you can do that kind of thing , or how do you do it better ?
and it was just the time that there was software , but there &apos;s also in the field of life , and there &apos;s a whole bunch of things that are going to work with all kinds of things that are done with all kinds of things .
and now , in biology , and i want to do this metaphor , which comes out of synthetic biology , that biology is actually a key code , because , the code code is a little code , which is , it &apos;s not a matter of computer , because it &apos;s dynamic , because it &apos;s a matter of matter .
but it &apos;s also a code , and you can also program , and you can do it as well as you can , and that &apos;s what i think i was incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to go much deeper into it .
actually , that actually has eight year-old actually thought that these networks are .
there &apos;s corn irrigation , which is originally from switzerland , that &apos;s with europe and with cooperation in india &apos;s network , but now members or active people have all over the world .
this is a couple of artistic directions , so there &apos;s a lot of artists and philosophers and working with collaboration with scientists to deal with these technologies and shape questions and try and process the creative , and there &apos;s all kinds of things .
but it &apos;s really about trying to find such a sense of access to finding such a playful , such as a playful .
and then there &apos;s a lot of consistency in the surface of kinshasa .
this is a network of plastic network , which is actually a kind of forum , where you think you &apos;re listening and online online .
they &apos;re a bit of a technical mechanism , and a little bit of a way on the road , and then they &apos;re going to ask you questions about it .
and based on these networks that made all the popular popular , there &apos;s a kind of scene that &apos;s going to happen that i &apos;d like to elaborate on .
here &apos;s a picture on the left on the top , and this is a key , so basically a kind of school , a private school , a private school , which is where everyone can be able to reach .
kids , old , all kinds of people go out to go through it , they put a lab , and look at what can be done when they &apos;re doing it .
here &apos;s a group in indonesia on the left , which is called the fact that they &apos;re doing it , but it &apos;s quite a long time .
there are longer than those other two networks .
they are also in such an artistic aspect of biological materials and , you know , it &apos;s also , and it turns out that it &apos;s pretty much a way of doing it .
a group from ankara that i met once a few times before , and that &apos;s a media company that wants to sell more to the public , which is what they learn in university , and they &apos;re trying to explain what they &apos;re doing in college , and they &apos;re trying to explain what &apos;s going on .
and i have a lecture on the other side of the lecture in copenhagen in the medical museum in the lab with an exhibition .
and that &apos;s , of course , that &apos;s actually quite young people , but the only thing , which is actually what all of them are , is this fascination in the technology .
and what you can do with it , and just apply to the society in terms of society and ask them , so , okay , what do you want to do , what do you want to do , you have a interest in connecting you to this ?
so , in order to do biology , you have some kind of material .
you need to have biological materials , and you need to have tools , and that &apos;s a lab .
or what you usually do under a lab , that &apos;s kind of like inappropriate machines , extremely expensive , extremely distance , just for the age of life , trained for academics , trained , medical research and so on .
and our approach was just about saying , well , you don &apos;t have to do that .
it &apos;s not necessarily necessary because every every one of the brain has actually developed more technology than most of the technology , and it &apos;s really like that .
and the oh with the premise of this premise with the premise of brian in the united states , he &apos;s trying to take a little bit of a glass , and then it &apos;s got a kind of a wood , and it &apos;s like , you know , it &apos;s kind of grown up , and it &apos;s grown out of bacteria , and it &apos;s going to be bacteria .
so every one of these , which is once a soup that he has too long , has been done before .
i actually tried that in my lab at a time , to take a little scale , and then i put it on ebay for ebay and made a little bit of analysis analysis , trying to make a sense , and so on , and i &apos;m going to go home at home .
now , that shouldn &apos;t be a joke at all .
here in the picture here , you see the lab , in 3d school , so it &apos;s such a kind of a garage garage garage , so it &apos;s all sorts of things that have been brought into college , a group in paris , which is a group in the place , and it &apos;s pretty successful , and it &apos;s pretty interesting stuff .
and this is a whale , which is also mentioned , which is , like , this kind of reviewer in principle for molecular biology .
and yes , so you see , it &apos;s relatively relatively scalable , and that &apos;s where there are people who do it alone at home , too far as big organizations , which are more likely to do in the middle of the world .
but always always the way that it &apos;s going to be simple and accessible .
the first project we &apos;ve done as an international group , as we &apos;ve been aware of our own selves , is now , now , we &apos;re now here as a real scene , and we &apos;re online , and we &apos;re so familiar with people who are always taking and chatting and so forth .
and then came from the most famous website of the founder , and i said , &quot; well , we &apos;ve really got to make it real , actually make real meetings , and then then two two organized , one in london , 10 times , and a little bit of the time in san francisco .
and then , then , it was , yes , who are we , who are we , what do we want to say , what do we want to say ?
and what are our values and what are what our goals are , our foundation ?
and then we did this kind of thing in a way .
and that was quite intuitive , so everybody has just his wishes , his and what it &apos;s going to take up , basically , then .
there i came , i think , quite a good code .
and that &apos;s where we have it , it &apos;s not compulsory , but that &apos;s yes , i think it &apos;s done pretty well , people are quite convinced about this .
and then we even tried to do this again in the academic world , but there &apos;s kind of not there .
so , i think we &apos;re out of the food industry , even at a time , when it &apos;s the academic world , which is the fact that the academic world .
yeah , what kind of projects do we actually do ?
a project that i did with switzerland university in switzerland itself was that we wanted to build an optical optical or optical molecule .
this is if you focus a beam , you &apos;re in a room , you can capture little particles in the air or in the fluid , and then move in that focus , so , you know , like that sort of a principle principle , basically .
this really works , it &apos;s done in academic journals , and we thought , &quot; wow , we might get it , and then put it on a webcam , the lens , the lens , look , you have a microscope that puts it down a little bit .
you see that down there .
and then we &apos;ve got a laser , and we can put the laser , and we put the laser down , and then you try to focus on this camera .
and it didn &apos;t work , but unfortunately , we &apos;ve learned a lot about it .
so another project that was from from the french group in paris , that worked , it &apos;s pretty cool .
and he &apos;s like this , like this , like this , like this kind of thing , such a kind of thing , or something like that , so he &apos;s busy busy , his son &apos;s sam is sam .
he then made this one place there , and in the cooperation with the museum , it walked .
and then the visitors in the room would go on the chair to sit on this chair .
then , their brainwaves were measured , and depending on what they thought , or how they thought , well , there &apos;s different lights in the room .
it was a pretty accurate project .
another thing from the united states , which has just been doing this , has to do with this kind of thing , is the most powerful , that &apos;s the most complicated , complicated word .
so it &apos;s about copying genes to reproduce , to assemble fragments , to reproduce fragments , so that you can make it visible .
so , if i &apos;m doing this , that &apos;s going to go to the scene of the crime in the crime scene , let &apos;s go back and collect , you know , collect these things , and then you can do this kind of thing , and you can say , you know , you know , you know , that hair belongs to this human , like that .
and the machines that do something like that are pretty expensive that you buy , the cheapest way to go to the euro do that .
and this is not in the workplace , but it &apos;s a really cool technology that can also be very much .
so this is just an application of many of you who can do it .
and these are two types of builders , and they said , whoa , that &apos;s what we do , and it &apos;s cheaper , and then it &apos;s open source , and it &apos;s got open hardware , and it &apos;s now that we have a lot of hardware , and it &apos;s now that the cheapest intersection of these devices are worldwide .
i think kind of like six dollars or something like that .
but anyway , it &apos;s still not yet cheap , but it &apos;s definitely in a frame where it &apos;s going to be very available .
so , i think a very competitive hack , i think .
a project i started with recently was a building building .
it &apos;s like , you know , a kind of high-tech device , it &apos;s about a little bit of an hour , and it &apos;s two or a half inches or so on .
you throw off a flip tag , and then you put it into the metal tube , and then i put it up on silver , and then you put it up for the light .
so the device that you see here doesn &apos;t work .
but this is like my prototype , but it was pretty wild looked like a branch of a branch , a thing , put it on pressure and pressure , and that was the pressure , it was too high , that thing was broken .
and then i took a sanitary pad and put it on it .
if you have the full power of water , it &apos;s got enough pressure , so i think it &apos;s so 40 and more bar bar about it .
and so you can get the particles strong enough enough , and then we &apos;re going to move into onion .
and the commercial device costs about 450 euros or something like this , which is about the 50 .
so it doesn &apos;t have the same efficiency , but it &apos;s essentially possible .
so that &apos;s just the moment that the concept of the scene is to increase this availability of technology and also increase the information and increase the information , that there are more people going to be able to get there .
because , as at the beginning , it &apos;s an extremely important technology , and most people have relatively little idea of it and also not a chance to make it really good .
because , if you just read about it , it &apos;s not the same thing as you &apos;ve done it yourself , or you &apos;ve seen it .
and i think technology is always more important in our modern societies .
and if you can make a good citizen in good ways in society , and want to make a profit , you need to access access to knowledge and technology .
and you have to do it and understand it and understand it .
and then it &apos;s under the source of open open and citizen science science .
so that you &apos;re going to be able to be able to take a person into the way that these scientific technologies are going through .
and this is the kind of waste from the front of the street .
these are the people who at least officially participate in the website , website website .
that &apos;s already a relatively remarkable number of people around the world .
and what &apos;s interesting is that they &apos;re going to be conflicting in southeast asia .
i think that &apos;s where there are fewer people there , actually , in fact .
so i don &apos;t know some of them who are sitting in front of you .
and these are just the most popular ones , the individual people .
part of it , in addition to these kinds of sessions , are sitting there in the places .
and that &apos;s really in the beginning .
as it said , it was just beginning to start .
and the main ones , which was the most popular , because the main minister in berlin was the first one .
and this is already a gigantic network of very good , very , very common , all the way across the world .
and we hope , of course , that we &apos;re also starting to spread , and then we &apos;re very similar to that , so that there &apos;s more people can be involved in .
and i would invite everybody to go and deal with it and even try to try it out .
it &apos;s not so simple now , but it &apos;s not impossible , if you have enough curiosity and enough energy , you get too far .
thank you for listening .
that &apos;s it .
yes , hi .
how do we actually change people ?
this is a question that i &apos;m very moving to as a designer , but also in the realm of the world &apos;s law and all of the things in the world .
it &apos;s about how people encounter people in interactive media so that they can use these interactive media and make them create a very similar experience .
and i think that the interactive media in us , we &apos;re testing , cognitive models , which is paradigm that has been programmed in our biological memory , very long , and that we can only be able to be able to create it through interactive media .
and this is very amazing , because you actually believe that these pieces of fish that you &apos;ve been looking at is that it actually takes into the future , but actually it &apos;s the fact that the future is in front of us , our own roots .
now , what are pretty models models ?
i used to write four pieces of paper , and i &apos;d like to explain a little bit about that .
well , to make cognitive models , and these are the models that we may have shown us in the pre-industrial times .
in this particular models , we &apos;ve heard that we have a very related relationship to virtuality .
that basically means a little bit unusual .
but i &apos;m going to go back to it again , and i &apos;ll show you a little bit about trying to have a natural relationship in virtuality .
the second thing is that we have been able to have models of these very models models , very well , to be very honest , even though we &apos;re using a quantum language today .
and the third area , which actually explains the self itself .
we all know that the interactive media is definition by definition , which is the most denial of the linearity , and that &apos;s why of course , we think that this is a normal feeling .
the fourth point is that the story for us is a place in the future .
now , what about this with virtuality , which is actually the most natural thing in the world ?
i want to prove you a little bit of this .
how many doors has the house in which you live ?
that &apos;s not what we &apos;re going to answer to me immediately , but it &apos;s going to happen , and it &apos;s happening right now .
they go in the mind through this house , in the way they live in , and look at how many doors are there .
and that &apos;s exactly what they do .
they &apos;re the reality of the reality , without the computer .
fantastic , right ?
and so , for example , we &apos;re trying to look at the real reality of the virtual reality of our technology , and we can actually do that all the time .
and this kind of wealth , the reality of the reality , is that the people in the pre-industrial ages had needed to use it in the pre-industrial times , because they didn &apos;t have anything .
they didn &apos;t have books .
or they didn &apos;t have any insurance problems .
they had no media mass .
the only thing they had was her head .
and in that head , memory was remembered .
in this head , knowledge and knowledge were recognized by this virtual images , imagination , had been talked about knowledge .
and so it &apos;s also so strong in us that we can deal with virtuality as well .
the interesting thing about this is , if i can do a little trip .
yes , that goes .
and the interesting thing about this is that at the time of the human war , it was the same and the medium itself .
now , if you think about a piece of time .
what are media media today ?
then you &apos;ll notice that there &apos;s a change .
but that &apos;s what i &apos;ll talk to you about .
the primary tool of the world revolution has always been reported stories .
and then , priests , priests , call up , were to get rid of the stories in order to preserve knowledge in stories .
and yet we &apos;re still still very , very strong with stories .
the author of the book , the author of the book , is jonathan haidt , we &apos;re still hearing a thousand hours with the story of stories .
this means for a child that &apos;s going to reach it to the most of the time that the world has spent most of his life with the onset of the life of stories .
now we think our love to stories is that we have been as a child on our lap of our parents .
no , no , far missing .
and that goes much further back , in the cultures of the pre-industrial ages .
but for me , in the realm of interactive media as an amazing story , that we have a diet of se in our biological memory , the ability to think about the ability to think .
i &apos;ve just brought you an example from the northern northern tribe of the american tribe .
and the lives lived in the soviet union of british columbia .
and as you can see , this is a very distorted area , and you have to go through it , from an island to iceland , to get food out of food .
and this is what they did with what they called the so-called missile bomb .
you may know that , if you &apos;re a bit interested in this , from the australian leaders .
they have similar principles .
they don &apos;t have any food machines , but they &apos;ve used the same kind of wood , or it &apos;s also known .
and what &apos;s interesting about this is that the navigation and the topography of regions could be mapped over songs .
which the language of the language was pitiful .
that means you &apos;re talking about sounds and sound about rhythm .
and these sounds and this rhythm , the geology , the topography of a region , and that obviously enabled you to put these songs together and put it together and go back to the left , go to the right , and go back to the back of the world .
why don &apos;t we sing anymore to come from from a to b ?
anyway , to navigate .
so what happened in this case ?
this is what &apos;s going to happen as a result of the age machine .
we &apos;ve been moving on what we &apos;re doing before .
what happens is the age machine and happened is the book , and it &apos;s happening .
and that &apos;s exactly what happened is that we have the responsibility for our memories and their own production of our individual memories on external media .
on the book and on the picture .
so , unfortunately , we have a little bit of god who &apos;s a bit of a football solution .
in virtuality , suddenly , strangers have become alien to us , and there &apos;s nothing else to do with reality .
bruce brown , a well-known biologist at the north pole , he &apos;s so far to say that this mass of media , he says the book and the image , so not the television , the internet , and so on , what we think is media media , and we have our ability to have the ability to do .
let &apos;s do a little bit of paper .
it was from the age of surgery to the age machine .
what does it affect us in our thinking and our ours ?
and these are the environmental attitudes in the pre-industrial cultures .
and these are going to be more and more popular throughout the course of centuries .
that means , instead of following us , we have a lot of debt , very common , a lot of different forms of memories that we can rely on on our personal memories .
we don &apos;t produce more .
we have a abstract language .
we don &apos;t think of the thing in images of things not more than images , but we &apos;re giving them our language .
we &apos;ve been used to things that linear is happening .
and we &apos;ve embraced the linearity as a law , and there are only exceptions , like example .
what &apos;s left to us is the lifeblood .
still , we have been the most powerful than a very high , very arrested .
the question is , what &apos;s going on ?
we had the most popular computer vessel , we had the christmas machine , and we &apos;re going to go now and call the so-called term .
it sounds very painful , and it sounds very thinking about fiction fiction , i know .
but these concepts of the design system that allow us to discover these capabilities back back to our capabilities .
there it is about sensuality . it &apos;s all about sensuality , it &apos;s about decoration .
i want to explain a little bit about that a little bit .
there are technical concepts like this , which is the reality reality , which is the extended reality .
so if you look at google maps for example , then there &apos;s such a concept of what makes the virtual world connect with the real world , which is our self-assembly system , the reality of the brain , which is a reality , and it &apos;s very common .
another example is the so-called virtual reality .
of course , that &apos;s how crazy sound may sound in the context of my talk , so we don &apos;t move physically into the virtual , virtual worlds , the kind of model of the brain .
and other people are different examples , smart systems .
these are spaces that can respond to a human being .
all of this needs the ability to accept our fundamental ability to accept virtuality as a real habitat .
i &apos;ve graduated in the end , and i hope that the video works , a very , very beautiful project , which is the founding of michael michael , which is a plastic factory , a plastic engineer , and it &apos;s a lot of water .
and the two companies in the world are also here today .
maybe you can stand up for a moment , so you can walk through the project with the two of you .
and this project i brought up as an example , and again , again , with this research , cognitive model .
the whole one is a game , i have to say that .
what &apos;s called the most obvious , obviously , is a computer game .
and if i say a computer game , you &apos;re very likely to see that people like people , or some of the people who are sitting on front of a pair of glass or they &apos;re playing with them with one of the things in the hand .
in fact , they do that .
this is a game out there .
and that &apos;s specifically to think that i discover the outside world so i find the real world again .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data that we &apos;re producing is the ones that we create with the real world .
i &apos;m sorry that i need to be so strong .
so you can explain a lot better than that , because there &apos;s more and more of it behind it .
and it &apos;s about discovering a city by looking at where places are positive or negative .
and so i &apos;m going to get out of the city a very different picture , a very different idea , which i see is a negative and positive place of a city , and it &apos;s kind of like a very different place , a map of a very beautiful city .
and that &apos;s really what we want to look at .
ah , what you can see here , sorry , is a little explanation from what you &apos;re looking at .
of course , this virtual world lives in the walls of our cities , right ?
and with a kind of a flashlight , we can make this virtual worlds visible .
so , i &apos;d like to show you my favorite talk , and in the sense that the properties and the skills that we have made out of the moratoriums , and that we have a little bit of a little bit of the technology , which is , in the age of the brain , that we &apos;re going to be able to do a little bit of complex technology , and that we &apos;re going to get back to our roots .
thank you .
yes , i &apos;m very pleased to be with you .
i &apos;ve been asked whether this bag is there from a wooden bag , and i &apos;m going to talk to you instead .
it won &apos;t be done .
i &apos;m going to evaporate what &apos;s inside there .
but i &apos;m still doing it sometimes , just more curious .
yes , kids are being inspired by nature or should be curious , designers .
i &apos;m a creator of a house , so i &apos;m also thinking about the curiosity of curiosity , and how we think about curiosity again , and why we &apos;re also going to lose curiosity and need to expand again and so forth .
and this is a whole bunch of things that you &apos;re doing with a long time to make sense of experience .
when professors are curious , they tend to be in the n of n .
and that &apos;s what i had in the last half months .
a design model to the subject of natural user design .
now you &apos;re going to ask yourself , why are all of the people working together with this natural , two-dimensional circuit of communication , interaction and etc .
and i &apos;m just one of these little devices , because things are always more intuitive , more natural , more natural , and you &apos;ve got to look at it , which is actually , for example , what &apos;s low-fat or intuitive .
and by the background , i &apos;ve been able to get into the area of natural user interface , so the next generation in the world &apos;s brain is working in the relationship of the human computer , how our tools , or how computers work computers , the world &apos;s computer , is changing by the digital assistant .
so i started busy doing that , and of course , when it &apos;s intuitive .
maybe we have to look at a look at this .
why does that happen ?
so , if we look at the development of our society , we &apos;re looking at this , we &apos;re going to move away from the third of the third , or fourth of the time .
so , from modern to the modern world .
every society is defined by a design system .
at the beginning , the learning process through language .
that means you &apos;ve found that you &apos;ve talked to a common language , you could communicate with each other , come into the same cave , or in other areas , built cities , villages , and have sort of like the engineering process .
but it was the language , but the language , something very natural , a very living living .
also , you had to learn , so not a toddler can talk about nature , but we &apos;re learning it in general , and of course .
this will be carried through the ancient society and the first form of the abstraction .
and that was one of the things that happened , because , of course , the living language began to be in the form of scripture , which is what &apos;s going to be and what &apos;s alive and alive , and i start and put it in stone and so on .
and as i go back , and when i go back , it &apos;s a completely different coverage , as if there &apos;s a life in a living way .
but then , in fact , the script was created as a design player .
then the next generation that we actually actually live in today is living .
this is just through pressure and mendel &apos;s script with doodles and others .
at the time , it was the same , as a member of the world , which said , &quot; aw , &quot; and other people said , are you really crazy when the people begin to read , they want to get away after that , and that &apos;s , of course , totally ambiguous .
and now we &apos;re going to go to the next generation , and this is exciting , and this is just a couple of years ago , and we &apos;re really in this moment in this particular phase that we &apos;re doing this .
and that was really surprising to us , because we see the one of the new media , the social media media , facebook and etc . , etc .
with complete transparency , what the new thinking is , what the old thinking reads , don &apos;t tell me that in the &apos; 80s , there &apos;s no beef , or other phenomena , which i just want to take out and do that .
and these two worlds just pop together , new and old .
now the exciting thing is , if you look at this , these new society , these key systems , you have a lot of mechanisms , principles and educational paradigm from the media industry .
but not in the local level , but on the global level .
we understood that the weather is global .
that the theme of ecology is a global one .
not , if i think local , and the neighbor feels less organic , it doesn &apos;t work all the time .
that , in the local village , is actually a global village with the same principles , , of course , both intuitive , but also in total transparency .
as you know at the time , in the village , who has been with me , and when this is happening today , this growth of our self has been moving through these mobile networks in global global networks .
it is that we know global food and increased faster and faster and better .
as it used to be done in the village before .
and the background , i &apos;ve just been busy looking at what &apos;s going on , which is , of course , what we might be thinking about , what might we also be thinking about , and what &apos;s the difference ?
because people are getting people , they can &apos;t do it , so that everybody can deal with it .
so you &apos;ve got to deal with it , which means that , and not just just change it , it &apos;s different , but it should be better .
and then , of course , when it &apos;s intuitive , and how can i take a sense of influence , and just make things like this , you &apos;re a kind of a , you know , a good way , because you &apos;re doing fun , and you &apos;re just using it .
you &apos;re going to go , also , as an ecologist , with the subject of perception and the courthouse .
and that &apos;s of course , where you start and look and look , and i say , okay , i &apos;m just going to look inside the inner self .
and what &apos;s it actually about ?
so how do we work when we get there ?
and what &apos;s natural , of course , intuitive and how do we work our channels of perception and how does the cognitive process work ?
because steve jobs told you , you know , you &apos;re going to wake up up to him , to send it back to him .
so you really have to see in detail , if i want to do something like something or something intuitive , which means that in the core .
and what you see is that you have a lot of our senses , most of us think we &apos;re only five , and now it &apos;s even seven , and there &apos;s certainly a lot of the time , and it &apos;s going to be the closest , and it &apos;s an idea of the self .
and to look at how we process information , how do we take information ?
alone to say , what is information ?
information is every difference that makes a difference .
a lot of use use the word , but don &apos;t know what it means in order to fit .
but i have to understand in the core , when i get information to information , when information comes from information , from information to information , i know how to do things sometimes , or i think , of course .
and of course , how important design makes sense to perception .
and we see this here when i &apos;m doing things , then i can make them confusing to you , on the right side , where i don &apos;t know what &apos;s salt and pepper , or i can sort of make them kind of cool out by showing things .
so , a lot of natural gas , in a gourd , but i look at it directly , where is salt and pepper .
and when i say somebody , give me salt or pepper , then he will look at the right one , where is something inside of it .
and in the left , there are intuitive access , and then i hope that there &apos;s no sugar in the salt that gives you salt .
but also , our perception itself , how often makes you feel .
for example , that perception in the context .
the right circle looks taller than the little , although it &apos;s not the case , but it &apos;s just the same size , and yet , our perception is , depending on what context we do .
does anybody know what that is ?
focus on .
arrogance of labor should be working .
there &apos;s a little bit of my glasses .
so it &apos;s just a circle .
a second circle starts to relate to certain resemblance or reproduction .
and then , if i go back to a second , you know , we don &apos;t even see another unit , but it &apos;s circle , circle , and , you know , we see one unit , we don &apos;t see more three parts , a circle , a circle , another .
this is what you call a computer model or something that &apos;s also related to perception in the same way .
now , for example , for example , that &apos;s the first part of the first semester , the great eureka .
the closeness of closeness , which is the continuity of the continuity and so on .
and then often in the third hand , they forget .
but that &apos;s an essential key part , if you want to design things very well in the same way .
the next phenomenon , which is also interesting , is to see .
sound sounds very subtle , but it &apos;s very exciting , if you &apos;re closer to it .
so we have the eyes , and now you think we &apos;re looking at the back of the back .
that &apos;s wrong .
you see them from the back to the front .
because they take a snapshot for a moment , you see something you can see , a circle of sand .
that means that we &apos;re only seeing our vision before we see it , again , back back to our dorm room , to say , okay , okay , okay .
i have such cognitive cognitive education , you have what you want to see .
that &apos;s then , again , that comes back again .
then it goes back again , because this is not the beginning behind the front , and says , well , now you &apos;re looking at the time , and you &apos;re sure if you see what you &apos;re seeing , what you want to see .
and then it goes back to the back , and then it &apos;s actually just seen .
so a very , very difficult process , how certain things work and what happens to these things happen .
i don &apos;t know who from the picture knows .
there &apos;s exactly the same thing i &apos;ve described .
now everyone &apos;s trying to see something like this .
i don &apos;t know who &apos;s going to recognize .
does anybody see something ?
one key thing , right .
if i saw this , that that &apos;s a little bit of a life inside there , then you know that .
you &apos;re never going to forget it , because i &apos;ll show you where the brain industry is .
now look at the solar industry .
and continue , now , look at it .
that means that actually actually , they &apos;ve actually adapted to you that you don &apos;t recognize the pattern of consciousness , but i &apos;ve been able to see it in a very short time in time , and i &apos;ll see this dog in the blink of this picture .
and this is this projection of vision , looking , seeing .
now i know now , now i &apos;m looking at the front i &apos;m seeing .
i see the miniature color .
so , very interesting processes , which is , in fact , you know , gray , you &apos;re not actually , but here &apos;s just a little bit of this mass mass that &apos;s happening right now .
does anybody know what three seconds are ?
long , yeah .
that &apos;s our present .
so , it &apos;s also more interesting to know as designers .
if i know a little bit about three seconds , until i kind of get out of the present , i can also be able to bridge very well , i &apos;m able to bridge a lot of people in that i &apos;m going to do it by just one of three seconds .
it just has to process as a present .
and then it goes into the past , and so i can get a very elegant player for the computer in the computer , when i know this phenomenon .
what does fast milliseconds do ?
yes , milliseconds .
also , a very interesting phenomenon .
that &apos;s the time you fall in love .
that means , if you know this now , look at what you &apos;re looking at , because you &apos;re looking at the long time , because i &apos;m not going to pass out for what &apos;s going on .
and milliseconds milliseconds , also a very interesting phenomenon .
this is the time of most perceptions that we have .
that means that the first picture is going to happen in a fast fast pace of how we perceive things .
and as we can see things , what we &apos;re looking at and how we kind of protect ourselves against our environment , we can think of it as well .
of course , the creator isn &apos;t just with the subject of perceptions and neural design or mental mechanisms , but mostly , of course , with the theme of the internet .
so how does a human kind of thing respond to certain things ?
there &apos;s a little bit of the kind of practical function , so there &apos;s so much aspects of things or things like that .
there are autoimmune stations , where i really know where i actually have to reach .
there are also symbolic functions , why are somebody like this little brain system , which doesn &apos;t even do anything like this , and throw it out of money in the money , even though it &apos;s not so practical ?
we &apos;re more likely to be on the ground , we &apos;re at the age of education , which we also have , as a natural example , of course .
back to my actual topic of natural user interface , and the theme , of course , it &apos;s kind of creepy .
it &apos;s always always changing , how can i achieve a very close goal , or how can a users be able to do in a certain position of scale , efficiently and engineering ?
that &apos;s what it says to be the norm .
how can i do something more wrong ?
can i use that directly , or do i need the n , or i need to do an average training for it .
and less or less or more , it &apos;s .
i &apos;m going to make it make a difference and make it beautiful , doesn &apos;t mean it &apos;s better .
you have to understand that .
and then , in the part of the software that we &apos;ve seen , it &apos;s going to be understood , and then you can understand why the percent percent of our software today is little intuitive or not based on information models , which is a lot more intuitive than a product of the same software , or in the same case , even though it &apos;s much more intuitive than the classical software .
and this is not an intuitive notion of apple , which is not a very fancy tool , because of elementary economics , if i could just use technology to do a lot of things like this .
why ?
because in fact , we &apos;re through this new kind of engineering process , which is the natural user user , which is , for example , five times more likely to depend on our goal .
you have to imagine this , if you &apos;re doing something of classical music , five hours , and with this new kind of natural software , only one hour .
that doesn &apos;t mean that you can probably take four hours of your time home , but your employers , or anybody , can take you to do it with four hours of the time .
but i want to say that , for example , it &apos;s an immoral tool , of course , to make certain kinds of things .
then if we put it into the domain of software , here &apos;s the first charter line that were very abstract , where you took months to deal with these systems .
then the next one , which now has been done with &quot; guided neural model or mental model like the software department , &quot; worked , and you have a notion of something , the metaphor , the metaphor of a desktop to harness the computer .
so no longer zeros and ones or code code , but it &apos;s a metaphor .
that made a lot of it to do , but it &apos;s also a lot better than that .
and the next generation of the world &apos;s lab is working on a lot more with behavior .
so that &apos;s what i &apos;m doing as a designer designer , a lot more of the behavior that looks like this .
this is also a paradigm shift .
so , once i look at this , it &apos;s looking for success for success , which is what the app is going to be a app .
and then if i take a step in this natural user interface , where i &apos;m talking to a voice , with language , by heart , by gesture , by gesture , and by the way that we have to control things , and i &apos;m going to have to go back to hand , and i &apos;m just faster .
but that also leads me to the point , when the things are actually more intuitive ?
if you &apos;re more intuitive , and then i have to go back to my little friend here and see it , and what does it mean from this view of view , when is it really relevant ?
and that &apos;s always a good thing for us people , if i have to think about it very much .
so he doesn &apos;t want to think about it , but they &apos;re just going to make it simple .
the less i think about it , the more it is .
and what does that mean for designers ?
that means , if we look at that we can use existing existing properties of one thing to something else , for example , the metaphor , i can use it as a creator .
that means that i can transfer such an intuitive , human type of dna on software , and create the software a lot more smoothly .
well , of course , the question is , what &apos;s the kind of darwinian effect of us humans , and now i &apos;ve been talking about it .
this is what we call the brain bomb .
this is using every one of us and a half , and it &apos;s an acronym , and it &apos;s reserved , and it &apos;s vital , it &apos;s informed , it &apos;s informed .
that makes all of you all the time , but it &apos;s subconscious , and it &apos;s kind of intuitive , and it &apos;s kind of instinctively .
the model is already going to be in the womb , and it &apos;s in the world , so it works with young and old , and we &apos;re used by all the time , without most of the time that we &apos;ve been able to see that model .
it &apos;s going to be about 50 to 50 times more likely to be in activity , and in the sleep , you know , you &apos;ve noticed that it &apos;s less likely to get more than a day .
i can now take this mental mental note , open up , inform , advertising , on a computer system .
and through this kind of transmission , similar to the metaphor of the design process , but not a much more a metaphor of a physical object , but a metaphor of a design , a computer system .
and this is on a higher grail of finance , which is the classic metaphor of a classic metaphor , which is the main model .
and if i &apos;m doing this now , for example , when i look at the study of the study , as a choice , as a choice , in the case , it &apos;s big to me , i can look at it in the detail , and yes , i mean , i mean , i can look at something else or something like that .
and then i can transfer that all the time .
i &apos;m trying to take a picture of this one .
you know , everybody ate a cake .
in fact , now , i use the same thing with the object , again , again .
now , i can take the whole picture of all of this , and i can say , let me just show you a little bit of chocolate for chocolate .
and once at an interface , which is much more intuitive and very much natural .
because i can reach things like the pieces , and then you can come up to me , it &apos;s substantially natural , if there &apos;s a lot of people in the world &apos;s population , or other kinds of mechanisms , to make these things available .
imagination is more likely to be more powerful , and with this sentence , i &apos;d like to end up to give you a , again , a lot of time , and designers have to think very much about coming to new solutions , and in this sense , thank you very much for your attention and please .
i want to give you a very specific aspect of curiosity .
the first one , when you &apos;re growing as a child , as a baby , is that you &apos;re doing whatever you have , right ? and depending on how your parents have allowed them to play more or less in the middle of the world , and then move , the more , you know , the curiosity , of course .
and curiosity isn &apos;t going to learn .
so all of those who are here and curious are actually people who have a property that you can &apos;t learn .
i &apos;m going to do this , basically , all of this kind of thing , open up , 40 years , to be able to do it in quality of time .
and there &apos;s a central point here .
and it &apos;s based on phosphorus .
geert chatrou : a chance .
and every day , you &apos;re going to give energy , and you &apos;ll add a little bit about two grams of phosphorus , and every day you have to pick two grams of phosphorus .
otherwise you can &apos;t have teeth .
you can &apos;t store energy .
you can &apos;t have bone .
we could only swim as a hunting camera through the front of the boat .
if we actually don &apos;t actually find phosphorus and make sure .
what &apos;s amazing is that we &apos;re looking at something like this , which is actually a kind of creepy , but it &apos;s not that way .
because everyone talks about energy , but no one talks about it .
it &apos;s a much more critical part .
we depend on two countries .
we only have phosphorus for two years , and now we &apos;re going to get a lot more uranium in the world worldwide , when it &apos;s used in all the time in the world .
in the last 20 years , 5,000 tons of uranium has been distributed on our fields in germany .
and that &apos;s what we take all the time .
it makes leukemia with children .
and we think we would protect the environment if we &apos;re a little less harmful .
so , for example , the environment is driving , less cars .
housing the environment , make less waste .
environment , the environment , is less energy .
but that &apos;s not a protection .
that &apos;s like , if i would say , it &apos;s a little bit of a child , it &apos;s just three times instead of five times .
that &apos;s just a little less destruction .
if we think about from the end to the end of the road , we &apos;re going to think of our entire earth or later a little bit of a time .
that &apos;s why the thinking of thinking to the world &apos;s thinking is .
and the most important thing is to look at the ground , first of all .
in the ground , it &apos;s about 60 percent of the waste store .
in the moment , we &apos;re building corn , and we &apos;re going to lose between 30 and 30 kilograms of 30 tons per hectare , or on the square square of carbon dioxide .
that means we &apos;re going to lose about five thousand thousand times more than a new age .
so , of course , we can look at the web patterns .
and it &apos;s all packaging or content .
for example , for example , at the most 20 20 percent of the future , you can be diapers .
and because we get older , the mosquito will become bigger .
these are kind of all of the people in the field .
yes ?
a baby needs about six thousand diapers .
so we could reduce that for 10 percent , but what does it do ?
this is balanced in china in a second .
this is completely trivial .
so the question is , how are we going to do with those diapers ?
so here &apos;s the evidence by men that men are not pigs .
let me tell you .
because phosphorus is going to be put up by the heat on the pigs .
people on the urine .
yes .
so men can &apos;t be pigs .
because that &apos;s what it &apos;s like to do , right ?
traditionally , we think in the corporate world , we &apos;re too many in the world .
and if you have the people that if you put people out there , if you say it &apos;s better , you &apos;re not there , you &apos;re going to be compassionate and hostile .
and so someone like al gore , one of our big heroes , is there &apos;s nothing new than stabilize the human population .
in israel , you say , if you live a human life , you &apos;ll have the earth .
here it says , the more you go , the better .
yes .
the first question is , are we really too many ?
when you look at the ants , the weight of the ants on the earth , the ants weigh about four times more than humans .
i could also draw termites , but in the united ones , no one may see termites , in this way , even though they &apos;re vegetarian .
that means that ants are much more than we do .
and because they work physically harder than we do , because they only have three to six months , they &apos;re in their weight , they &apos;re spending a billion billion people in the weight .
that means we &apos;re not too many , we &apos;re too stupid , yes ?
and where you see how far we are from what we really wanted to do , and how sad are we that we are at the earth , can you be able to see that , for example , you have a program , you have to 40 minutes to be here , right ?
you can only be cadavers if you don &apos;t exist , yes ?
the only opportunity .
have you ever seen a tree tree ?
yes ?
one single ?
that means our whole intelligence means that we want to be dumber than trees , right ?
yes ?
there &apos;s a tree tree .
for happiness , yes , yes ?
there &apos;s no breeding hatch in trees .
there are still six billion trees in the shuttle alone alone .
you &apos;ve heard a little bit about a little bit of trees from trees ?
that means all of our intelligence means that we want to be dumber than trees .
and where you can see , even like demeter , the most painful agricultural agricultural agriculture , it doesn &apos;t allow us to go back .
every year we &apos;re going to lose so three million tons of phosphorus that really have to go back in cycles .
and so we are too many .
just on it .
that &apos;s what we &apos;re feeling guilty of on the earth that we say , there &apos;s no way , no , no , no , no , and not all the ones that are going to allow us to go back and go back to our own target .
isn &apos;t that sad ?
that &apos;s where we are too many .
it &apos;s safe to make less harmful , which is to be harmful .
but where are we useful ?
we &apos;re trying to minimize our ecological footprint , but it &apos;s about having a big footprint , which is useful .
we want to be good for society ; we want to be good for the economy , but when it &apos;s about the environment , it &apos;s the highest , not to be there , yes ?
yes , yes ?
you can only get out if you &apos;re not there .
even if you were shot again , you would have emissions .
so you can &apos;t solve that .
we can do it differently .
we can regain our nutrients .
we &apos;re doing in brazil agriculture in where we regain the nutrients .
right now , we can actually nutrients nutrients in agriculture for this kind of way .
we &apos;re doing this in china for example , where we take directly the waste .
in china , one of the world is called a more contemporary today , kind of , yes ?
and in our western world , we were always too stupid to destroy our nutrients .
that means all the western western design draws from the fact that the city has always been , but the farmers never never got back .
by the way , the cities had to grow more , because the farmers went to the cities , and the cities were always going to move away from their nutrients .
all of the western rich are always expanding , until they don &apos;t have the infrastructure anymore , and then they &apos;re manipulable .
yes ?
china was different .
you &apos;ve managed to have a million civilization saved over five thousand years , because you &apos;ve always been able to pull the nutrients out .
even today , if you &apos;re invited to food , china would expect you to eat as long as they &apos;re reading the toilet .
because it &apos;s supposed to go and go and raise the nutrients .
you &apos;ve got them to eat her , not to the doctor .
that means you can see on the internet how you can regain the nutrients .
and what &apos;s really beautiful about this is when you do that , so agriculture is producing biogas , on a hectare of land with a thousand thousand people in favelas , so a farmer can do about $ expensive dollars , and they &apos;re going to wait , and eat and eat and eat and vegetables .
and the great thing about this is that the computer industry in the favelas shares over four percent .
so we don &apos;t need to control people to be very bad .
we can support them to be good .
this is natural , of course , but the facilities carry themselves .
the byproduct of clean water .
and they &apos;re kind of designed through the design that a farmer can simply eat .
that means you &apos;re going to go back and go back .
and none of these facilities , we &apos;ve now been working over a million years in the last 20 years , none of those facilities have ever been accepted .
they could just easily take a liter of carbon dioxide , and then the plant would be ruined over years .
don &apos;t happen .
that means we don &apos;t need to control people to be very bad .
we can support them to be good .
that means we need to get phosphorus down .
and by the way , if you want to do what they want to do , it &apos;s the best use of all the wastewater treatment workers in all the wastewater treatment plants .
unfortunately , not that you can go in , but maybe you can do a little bit of a little bit of a time .
because the vaccine vaccine could actually get the phosphorus back .
and it has to go back .
we can see that phosphorus is really critical .
and we see that it &apos;s done .
we used to use ourselves in three years now .
the dutch government has explained that they will be the first country in the world , which is phosphorus-based .
but we need this overall .
you see , there are two countries that control control 70 percent of the world &apos;s population .
there &apos;s opec a whole bunch of plastic footage .
these are rural countries that are 40 percent of the u.s. food control control .
and the oil can be replaced by other energy energy .
but you can &apos;t replace phosphorus .
it &apos;s not about making the existing a little less bad , but it &apos;s about doing something right .
and first , just to ask what the right thing is .
that means it &apos;s about efficiency , not about efficiency .
in copenhagen , we understand that obviously , because in holland , the land is built on flowers .
yes ?
imagine if you &apos;re your wife , you know , if you &apos;ve got your wife sad , you &apos;re going to come with 50 grams .
very inefficient .
but it &apos;s really , really effective , yes ?
or take a joint of your own .
a woman in germany eats about six point in three months during her lifetime .
here .
that &apos;s not scientifically accurate , because we don &apos;t know how much it is going to happen .
but a key , even in this lighting , i can tell you , is very inefficient , but really , really effective , yes ?
one thing that &apos;s beautiful in life is not efficient .
that &apos;s not resource resource , but efficiency .
to ask , what is the right ?
not to get a little bit better , and put it down and forth with it , and in order to keep all of these materials in the cycles , and first of all , you know , how do you reconcile each other ?
so she &apos;s using efficient .
yes ?
when i put them up to dinner , and i say , yes , there &apos;s a pill , and it &apos;s a glass of water .
wonderful , yeah ?
that &apos;s efficient .
everything that &apos;s beautiful in life is not efficient .
if you fall in love with someone , efficiently ?
yes ?
that means everything that matters in life is not about saving , avoiding reduction .
all of the things .
we say to people , oh yes , you don &apos;t have green cars in the south .
no , it &apos;s just the right thing , right ?
in every place where you go , you know , you &apos;re going to get back again .
but the wrong things .
if you &apos;re wrong the wrong things , you have a compiler .
we &apos;re thinking from north .
there is every footprint in the footprint .
if you walk , yes , every footprint , the footprint , is the floor .
because the bottom of the soil is going to die , and the wind and the water washing the soil away .
but if you &apos;re in italy , every footprint means that the water is still living in the meadow .
so , it &apos;s about making a big footprint that &apos;s going to be a marsh .
not rocket protection .
we say in germany , sustainability .
yes ?
but if i ask you , how do you do with your wife ?
what do you say ?
sustainable .
and then i say , you know , whoa nuts , yes ?
that &apos;s just the minimum .
so not saving , avoid breaking .
every waste is wasted .
and it &apos;s a sense of feeling when you see in italy , like the people in the high bow like this kind of coke comes out of the car .
because , you know , this is a tough process .
it &apos;s kind of a form of plastic tourism , yes ?
you can show , i was there .
but with the right design , please .
so , for example , we &apos;ve developed a design system that is in parallel room to liquid liquid .
they can go back to where they go and stand .
in two hours , it builds up everywhere .
and it contains seeds of rare plants so that they can make it useful for the biodiversity .
that means we &apos;re useful , not less harmful .
so there are two cycles .
not all of them should be free .
a television or a washing machine , and they use it , they don &apos;t use it .
just the things that are like the ones that are like the ones , like the ones , like the ones that are like soap , how they have to do , they have to go into biological systems .
the things that are just used will go into technical systems .
but today we &apos;re talking about the biological systems .
yes ?
for example , of course , yes , yes ?
it &apos;s a direct ad , not for the company , a se , but for the company , you &apos;re helping this kind of company to make these products successful , to make these products successful .
because we don &apos;t do it anymore , things are free .
yes ?
so , when i put them up to food and say , that &apos;s free of free , you don &apos;t help it .
no , we decide what &apos;s inside .
positive .
so it &apos;s not like decoration .
not toxic in it .
but everything that is inside is useful .
these are the first shoes that you can see , which can be able to strap the panels on the street , and you can get rubber in biological loops , right ?
all of this is due to this .
and if we can do that , we can do it for granted , for nike , for hardware , and computer services and the whole textile industry .
and that &apos;s half of the world &apos;s population that are caused by the textile industry .
that &apos;s why they help them , ask them for people .
hey , hey , you &apos;re really serious ?
because they &apos;ve already changed twice the production line .
and i &apos;m not sure whether you really want it .
so , help me a little bit like this .
but it goes .
yes .
this is what &apos;s been shown .
that goes .
we can do things like this now , if you &apos;re in front of you , if you &apos;re in front of you , you can see in biological cycles .
technical loops , it &apos;s just the same .
there &apos;s a direct ultrasound to do that .
this is the first ecological backpack , actually , who &apos;s done to go into the circulation .
so , in any store , you can get things out .
if you come to that , yes ?
do you remember the experimenter , you know ?
and at the moment , the waste is .
all of these will be around , almost .
in the countries where people get to money .
on the front line , but the other thing in the landscape , yes ?
if we change the plastics so that it can go into biological systems , if we change the climate change , in fact , you can get back on the ground of israel , you can grow trees with a baby in israel or tunisia in tunisia .
yes ?
alone , if you take these cells down , you &apos;re going to put it down , sterile , cold and the powder to grow trees .
so the baby is going to live for all the life , from beginning to start .
so , we don &apos;t need to be rocket cancer ; we can be more energy-efficient .
it &apos;s kind of like an organic branding system .
yes , it &apos;s .
yes ?
we can do that .
we can reinvent everything again .
i started an institute .
in fact , there are lots of people there , and you can all be engaged .
there &apos;s extra one club to go out , where anyone can come up with .
so no longer , avoid saving , breaking , cuts , no energy , but a waste of waste .
do you curious about that ?
thank you .
the work of leadership .
music as language .
in the description of my speech , it &apos;s written as me as a maker of mine , me as a doctor , so in english , understanding .
wetlands are written by the written notes in the music music in the music music .
that you don &apos;t just want to use the word word to word the text in a different language , but also have to understand the deeper sense of the words and the understanding of making it a good translation , everybody knows that it has to do with self-reflection .
already to translate from english to english , more knowledge is important , especially if it &apos;s poetry to poetry or anything about poetry .
it &apos;s very strangers , but it &apos;s not what we musicians to do with our campfire .
when i was a writer of mine , i just started to write the written notes .
you &apos;re sure that the composer in the history has exactly exactly what &apos;s happening in the notes of what he has imagined .
in fact , the notes are very vague and recycled .
these notes are about the same , or the same , as a verbal sense , as a seemingly seemingly accurate , description of a landscape .
because in this stereotype , the smell of flowers doesn &apos;t smell , the degree of the beetle is unable to hear that doesn &apos;t listen to the quality of the brain , don &apos;t feel like that .
that means that the interpreter needs to take this core set of information in the other place in a different way , which is , in fact , concrete , adaptive circuits .
today , i want to share with you what i mean musical music , which is , again , in a verbal language .
so , virtually a translation of translation .
that &apos;s why i prefer to do the whole thing in german , because if i &apos;d even translate it to english , it would be equivalent to translation in translation translation translation in translation .
so , the music that works with me like this is like the spoken word language .
the dotted notes have the function of the letters of a script .
so it &apos;s not going to get just to read grades , and to get the keys on the piano , or the right place to push on an airplane .
that &apos;s just the letters you &apos;ve learned to paint .
the idea of the letter is just knowing when you can make the language .
so for example , you need to be learning for the learning process of music , at least as long as the spoken word language .
there &apos;s also a lot of whether you &apos;re learning it to work , just passively passively , or also be able to talk to you until the musical native star .
the work of the game starts to look like a baby wiper .
after first , you have chosen a piece of play , because you &apos;re excited about it , you &apos;re starting to think of the origin of the composition of the composition .
you accumulate information over the piece in the field .
you read about the letters , you &apos;re reading notes , or whether there are words , thoughts of composers itself .
you study the works that he wrote before and afterwards .
you compare comparison .
the writing of writing it is writing .
how did he feel ?
how were their circumstances , like the society and the politics ?
i all care about that .
you think of it in this time by looking at contemporary images or reading literature .
with the time , but also as a role , you have a rich knowledge about the composers that you play over time , and it &apos;s always easier to feel in it and feel in it .
the composer is going to be more than a friend that lives with them .
his reason to write the piece is always more and more to my personal cause to play it .
now , the notes is all over the record of the message of the composer , but just a framework , and then i turn this framework to turn it into sense of meaning and meaning .
i &apos;m going to say , in my own words , what could be written between this framework ?
i &apos;d like to play a little bit of what these sounds could be like .
now for me and for composers , and what you might mean for him today .
every tone , every phrase gives you a sense , because i feel it &apos;s because it comes from my favorite side of my body .
it has to be for me in here and now now , i can &apos;t convince my audience that that &apos;s my cause .
it &apos;s always a very happy concert , if i can have the experience , the piece that i &apos;ve been doing as long as i &apos;ve been able to do it .
as you &apos;ve seen a happy new day , again , even with the same rituals of life , up , breakfast , work , i also have the same piece over and over and over and over again .
i &apos;ve grown back a day to travel seasons , and my pulse goes down at the bottom of the morning when it &apos;s going on , and in a season , it takes longer for the sound to come back back to home .
i &apos;m going to take the breath of the audience , aware , or unconscious .
all of this impacts me , and all of that impacts my experience with the composition .
it &apos;s a wonderful thing when i stand on a stage on the stage , and we have the same wavelength .
and then the same thing happens in a good , broader conversation .
you bring a new idea in , and you &apos;re going to end up with this response with a reaction .
it &apos;s exciting , because then things that we don &apos;t have , and what you can &apos;t do as well .
it &apos;s great fun to make music , and you know , as the audience has experienced how the music is alive .
this is an other concert every day .
i will never play like that , like in this moment .
i can &apos;t play like this today in 20 years .
and then i &apos;m going to have more than a lot of more than today , and i &apos;m going to talk about my palette of a lot more , more , more emotions , emotions and emotions than today .
sure , i &apos;m going to have a couple of pieces of wood also , but i &apos;m going to have a new idea of life .
have a nice example of this .
it was on a high school program for my favorite old teacher teacher , professor professor bangoora , a well-known german professor , a known professor , a professor professor , in the middle of the world here .
unfortunately , i was too much too young , so that he had been when i finally started to study .
but i was fortunate enough to meet this very early , with 13 years old , and so i was already running in high classes .
i was 17 years old when i went back to one of these courses , and i played the last one of the four ballads of chopin , a ct scanner .
he asked me what the introduction of this gun was for me .
that &apos;s such a technical part .
and in my favorite day , i said , expectation .
there he goes , and he said , so ?
that has to be the power movement .
because for me , it means memory .
he &apos;s been around in 60 .
well , 17 years old , you have dreams , but no major memories .
i &apos;m going to play this piece all the time today , and always it has changed for me , even though no one has changed .
every time it &apos;s exciting , i &apos;m going to read something new .
an example from a very different range -- monet has made the structural color .
it &apos;s always the same garden , but in different colors of view , with light light .
he translated the pattern of nature in the way that he looked at it , and they looked at it as well as they were looking at him .
his personal personal federation of the world .
the dionysian interpretation of a piece is comparable .
i now grew up as older as chopin as a chopin , when he wrote the piece .
he lived only over years ago .
and it &apos;s really important to me to look at the notes , even though i think they &apos;re memorized .
to keep up , right with the composers .
because the notes are the only connection to him .
most of all , when he died .
now , how do you start to talk about music ?
i said , you know , you need to talk about it as much as the spoken word .
often the most amazing thing is that you &apos;re just learning to read the notes .
you learn how to read that first , before you talk only a word .
you learn to find the notes for the instrument on the instrument .
if all of the finger in time and the way they go to the notes , they come up with sounds that seem to sound out of the way like music .
if the exact thing happens , the students get a little bit of it .
there &apos;s hardly a lot of interpretation about interpretation .
all right , there &apos;s a little bit ahead of this , this is a fast piece .
crazy , slowly .
loud and memory , r and b , etc . , etc .
that &apos;s most people here .
but even if you put these up up , it still leaves some technical technology .
and yet it &apos;s always not a interpretation .
i wonder .
i wonder that you often forget something very hard to forget .
that means that to make music on the instrument to make your own musical life , and you should be there before .
that &apos;s the singing .
a kid who didn &apos;t learn the sing because because the parents don &apos;t have a monopoly designer , it &apos;s not going to do it itself .
this is like the christmas day .
it &apos;s necessary to have its own experiences and idea of music , and then it &apos;s about another possibility , and it &apos;s about a tool to make sound .
people who never would sing , have never occurred directly with your own body , how it &apos;s to make a sound .
one idea with his own breath .
the music instrument is that the extension of our body .
our vocal chords to the singing , our hands and feet to dance .
that &apos;s how the iq rate in the piano is the sequel of my fingers .
the melody comes out of the laser &apos;s tail and the rhythm from the dance .
there &apos;s not a lot of music today that &apos;s going on with music today .
you don &apos;t need to make even more music than it &apos;s going to be boring .
no longer required to whistle a sanitary pad or to sing .
every single music is going to be when you &apos;re constantly thrown out of music with the music .
sure , there are some of you who say , yes , but what do you do when i can &apos;t sing ?
the question i can &apos;t do , can &apos;t you sing , a because they believe they can &apos;t sing ?
or b , because they didn &apos;t learn to sing ?
and it &apos;s not too late to start to find out whether they can &apos;t do it or learn how to make these little muscles that are using the vocal chords , right ?
that &apos;s where you can train .
or c , because you &apos;ve been able to get them out of them , they &apos;re manipulable .
i thought , how competent competent was this diagnosis ?
did you have a computer or a computer project , as you say here today ?
or d , you don &apos;t like music , and you don &apos;t want to have a good idea of doing that .
but what i would do is regret , because music is a beautiful , big thing .
but maybe you can still do it again .
well , you see , in all cases , no one has to be a candidate candidate .
but don &apos;t say , please , i don &apos;t understand about classical music .
i can &apos;t tell whether it &apos;s good or bad .
and i say , &quot; surely , you can tell you whether you like it or not .
because i don &apos;t think it says somebody , i don &apos;t know if it &apos;s feeling i can &apos;t cook .
so , they don &apos;t get rid of the food , because they can &apos;t cook .
so you don &apos;t have to get rid of classical music because they don &apos;t play any instrument .
listen consciously and tell them whether it tastes or not .
whether the music is to be dismissed or to be sweet .
tell what you feel .
at the time , you get the standards , and you want to put some more spices on it , or taste taste actually .
so why do i urge from my audience , that it &apos;s also listening to ?
because the music is a language and a language is communicating to it .
a piece of art that you never see is not a force to work .
the food that was eaten by a cook or a chef &apos;s father has to be eaten and not just looked at their own group .
so please listen when a music is played .
it &apos;s not just a nice thing to do .
if you &apos;re in a environment where adults are actively playing music , or at least active music , a child will grow up , it &apos;s very easy to ask , to paint , what color is your flower ?
can you also show you in blue ?
and the child &apos;s going to play a little bit , instead of a red flower , instead of a blue flower .
and this sounds very different than before .
this was then the first hit of a own musical expression .
so the first step to a interpretation .
and what happens when you play a piece today , which was originally a hundred years ago , or a couple of years ago ?
now , the instruments have come out .
there was no piano in the time as a instrument as a instrument .
it was just not invented .
i think the stream would have been excited if he had the most important possibilities of modern modern technology technology .
i can tell the world that the stream has had , in the modern wing , to make the sound of the piano that can &apos;t be an agent of security .
also as beethoven , you know that he heard more when he had gotten deaf .
today today , a modern orchestra is able to play everything that a orchestra has suffered from a while .
so the composers who rely on us rely on reinventing the pieces again .
so they &apos;re raised by what they &apos;ve just dreamed of in the mind .
and also , what they would think in the mind today .
or what i &apos;m doing today , because what they thought might be .
thank you .
you know what your heart is ?
were they once caught ?
and how did that feel ?
awful .
i have a friend who goes a little bit .
and when i come from , with my little v w , and i &apos;m looking at it , it &apos;s that feeling .
i get something through the head .
i say , whoa , what do you need as a big car ?
that actually loses half of its value in the first year .
and in fact , you work much less than i do .
why do i have to do that just like this ?
and then i immediately mind , that &apos;s unfair .
it &apos;s against justice .
and as i say the word justice , it &apos;s this awkward feeling .
our organism has invented a great method to sort of feel like the emotion of emotions like envy .
you can also try to talk like words or revenge or something like that .
and i &apos;d like to explain a little bit about this mechanism today , or something like that , which is probably familiar with you .
the mechanism comes from the lie .
but don &apos;t think about the lie , as you might have heard , when people say , nobody has pushed the wall to build a wall .
and then stone rocks , so that he gave you a look at the view .
one of the things that you see in the face is that the liars itself doesn &apos;t believe what he says .
it &apos;s easy to see that it &apos;s easy to show that it &apos;s completely different .
it just makes you feel and doesn &apos;t think itself .
no , the lie i &apos;m talking about , who has to do with doing that .
they need this lie to get a ski needle to get a self-deception .
they can get them less easily , yes , break or even collapse .
you need time .
from this time , an anecdote that you may know .
the spanish painter buddhist picasso once a woman .
this woman once complained that the portrait would not look at you .
picasso , you &apos;re just waiting .
they &apos;re always going to be more similar .
in this place , and if you laugh , you realize how important this lie is , and how much time you need to experience something that artists can be very good at .
because artists have a well-known relationship to the lie .
artist artist shares you something , and most of this lady , what you don &apos;t see , if you just look at the mirror .
artist artist shares them in a kind of portrait of what you &apos;re going to be familiar with , if you look at this piece of work all over again .
then the awkward feeling disappears , and it may not seem to look like it , and it will always be similar to you .
here you have this mechanism that we can tell the lie as a great invention to be able to use our computer models .
and not only in art , also in the arts , in the mythology , in stories , it starts again .
you may know this idea of the lady that every night in the mirror , and he asked him , who is the most beautiful in the entire country ?
one day , this mirror says , yes , there &apos;s a dial one .
behind the seven mountains and so on .
and you also know how much hostility from this true reveal , the mirror can &apos;t be lying , from the truth of all of us .
but we should just be familiar with something that you can &apos;t tell a woman to say that there &apos;s a difference somewhere somewhere .
this is what we need to understand under the sub-surface of water , and we put it again .
we need to find this lie that we &apos;re giving us deception that we can &apos;t even live with .
we don &apos;t just have art in art , but in science , but in science , we have this great lie .
and there &apos;s this story of the woman &apos;s favorite story of the sun .
she heard about this book by charles darwin , the origin of the species and the descent of people .
that the man would be out of the monkey , and , yes , at least a common ancestor between people and monkeys .
and then she ran her to her husband and said , well , that &apos;s not what charles wrote .
the human man should have been out of the monkeys or a common ancestor .
no , no , it &apos;s not .
and if it &apos;s true , then we have to prevent the people of knowledge .
why do we prevent people to know about anything if it &apos;s true ?
because we can &apos;t live without those kinds of phones .
because we have these self-deception , this sense of being great , from from the highest creatures , not from one of these kind of things , such as a organism that exists as a organism that exists , one of the things and the other things that we &apos;re doing for us .
so we can &apos;t even do these things .
we need to prevent the people of knowledge about things , especially when they &apos;re true .
so you can see how slowly this mechanism takes off , and like the traces look that he &apos;s leaving on the other picture of us , i want to give you another story , and i &apos;m going to give you another story .
a particularly beautiful story , like me .
my wife told her .
she came one day from school , she &apos;s a teacher , and she told me about a student .
a 16-year-old student .
she likes to especially enjoy him because he has a tendency to bite .
and she asked him , what are your hobbies ?
and he says , well , i &apos;m at the firemen .
and because i &apos;m in the fire fire , i &apos;m interested in things like things .
yes , you know , if you &apos;re in front of this place . there &apos;s something wrong here .
i told my wife whenever it &apos;s a human being in a moral basis , because it &apos;s used , we should try to replace it by using even more effective .
once that , and then you experience the sentence .
even though i &apos;m at the fire fire , i &apos;m interested in things like things .
you feel that this is the real truth behind us .
that &apos;s a little bit of plastic design that doesn &apos;t care about .
it &apos;s interested in the design centers .
but there are no clubs , which we &apos;re looking at , where you learn how to make fire .
it &apos;s just the second best thing , the fire brigade .
and he joined up .
and also , you know , you don &apos;t tell his teacher to say , you &apos;d like to get fires , and you &apos;ll be glad when fire fires off .
no , it just looks much better when we show that we &apos;re going to be able to remove the risks that the other one can do , when they &apos;re going to fire fire .
here you have this little mechanism .
and this one of those projections that they knew , in the heart of the 1930s , knew that it &apos;s actually related to the fire , but that he can &apos;t say that loud .
here you have this disconnect between the unconscious and the conscious , which is instantly instantly impossible without doing something about it , and the things that you know that it looks very different to you , and that you &apos;re able to sound a lot better for them and others .
and so these are just the words that we &apos;re using in the language of politically correct hustles .
we actually know that something else is the case .
but we know when we tell that , the social communities are very sensitive .
we can &apos;t just do that .
it &apos;s impossible to do things like a society that &apos;s going to work .
i want to give you today what we found in my institute .
after the logic of this deception , these self-deception , the willingness to be a different reality than the ones we actually know in the unconscious , they &apos;re valid to spread outside .
and i want to give you two , and maybe three examples .
the first example is , what many of you know , and some of them don &apos;t need , really , really don &apos;t need .
i mean the soul .
what &apos;s the soul ?
the soul is such a mental note , about leibniz .
it &apos;s something that &apos;s not about stop logging , physical nature .
and if you have people who have a strong belief that they have a soul , or you can also say that they have been separated from the soul , and they &apos;re like this , like the soul are such a mental frame of them , not from matter , as the soul are such a mental footprint on them .
and from that soul , you think that you kind of think of this kind of darwinian nature , in this demographic nature , it &apos;s called in the latin states , in the latin states , to be present .
and then when this guy comes back to the people , then it &apos;s filled with dignity , with spirit , with nature that can only live , just with soul .
and then he can take a handle .
that &apos;s the idea of how the soul works .
so it &apos;s going to come from people to the outside .
so we &apos;re going to have to perceive them as something that should be present to our lives .
and if you have this premise of eyes , then you understand the logic that we &apos;re able to experience this happiness through a lie to make our world better .
because now you can use a 3d model .
you know , you &apos;re still from school .
now , this is a video here that shows us a logic .
this is the hardest part in my talk , by the way .
this is what you need some logic , but also the willingness to lie .
and so to lie that you can just use these logic to be wrong .
in this pool of view , three sentences appear .
the first sentence is saying , &quot; there &apos;s no soul . &quot;
so the second sentence is , if it &apos;s right , it doesn &apos;t have a soul .
now there &apos;s a third sentence .
i particularly showed him here .
a third sentence that immediately goes back to people who have a strong feeling for a soul .
people who who don &apos;t have a soul , that &apos;s dead , can &apos;t say anything .
and here &apos;s how you feel .
here &apos;s the logic in this , yes , in this epic speech , expression .
you see it immediately .
the first two sentences , they &apos;re logical to correct .
so i can say that all .
the logic doesn &apos;t talk about reality .
i can say , the smartest man is a man .
and if i &apos;m right , the smartest man is a man .
if i &apos;m not right , the jury is not a man .
the logic doesn &apos;t have a statement about what &apos;s going on .
i can say anything .
but crucial , if i &apos;m right , it &apos;s just true .
so if you say , if there &apos;s a soul , there &apos;s no soul .
secondly , if he &apos;s right , he doesn &apos;t have a soul .
these things are logical to correct .
and now our consciousness senses is instantly fine , you can do something about it .
it depends on a third sentence that has nothing to do with the first two sentences , and that &apos;s how the opposite of the first sentence is already proven and error .
because actually , we have to prove whether there &apos;s the soul or not .
but with this logic that uses it , that two sentences are correct correctly , and a third of the third brain system that looks like it &apos;s going to do something with it , so we can save our nuclear lives .
so , we &apos;re doing it as if it &apos;s actually impossible to live without a soul .
and we &apos;re very happy about this .
we can continue these things in different examples .
in the present world , we have a modern modern example , which keeps all over the time again .
this is what you have to do , another more important topic , a sense of philosophy from philosophy , present .
and that has to do that , we go back into the 21st century .
there was a scholars that was johannes johannes , and after that , the name of the &apos; 80s .
in the &apos; 80s , it &apos;s a bamboo , which is made of pure nature .
it doesn &apos;t have that soul .
this is such a wiki machine .
and if they put that exactly in the middle between two cell neurons , then he &apos;s going to turn it .
because he doesn &apos;t know what haystack haystack is going to go like .
so he &apos;s right in the middle .
this is how the audience presented .
electromagnetic forces , with quantum scientists , are starting to solve each other .
there &apos;s nothing happening at all .
just if you take another example , so if you immediately make a haystack bigger , it doesn &apos;t need any reason , and nothing else .
he &apos;s going to run on the right thought .
so if you have this idea that nature is kind of driven by nature , it &apos;s going to be from the bigger pile that put up immediately , and then they feel that they have to give it a kind of free will .
and if we &apos;re already in here at the bottom of the street , i think that &apos;s the computer record for brain science .
there &apos;s a scholars who call the wolf , and he tells you sometimes sometimes the wolf says , there &apos;s no rocket seats .
now we can be able to form the second sentence and can say if wolf wolf is right , then he doesn &apos;t have a rocket system .
these sentences are perfectly logical and correct .
and what we can see in the daily day every day , you find them in this third sentence .
and it looks like this doesn &apos;t have a lot of music , and it can &apos;t have been done for his actions and claims for responsibility , and he &apos;s so provocative .
again , they do it again .
in fact , you &apos;d have to prove whether there &apos;s something like this .
but the logic of deception allows us to do this as if the first sentence of the first thing is wrong , when you have to predict the opposite without evidence .
and now you can just do that if you want to test anything , if you want to test anything , and especially if you want to make people happy , you &apos;re going to practice the courage to lie .
do that for example , if you look at a person that you &apos;re going to say , you can &apos;t say , there &apos;s no rocket protection .
and please don &apos;t use the german word for advertising , which is prophet .
you can &apos;t call it , that would be a very political political , again .
say , there &apos;s no rocket protection .
immediately , you &apos;re going to have one , for example , for example , that you have some of the knowledge , you know , you can &apos;t prove it .
and you have a problem .
because while you &apos;re busy working with it , you can &apos;t prove that you can &apos;t prove that there &apos;s no way to be there , the man is very happy .
he &apos;s very happy about it because he &apos;s fooled .
because he led it to a satellite system that he doesn &apos;t even care about itself .
because this is actually not a person that &apos;s interested in evidence .
he &apos;s just interested in itself , even though there &apos;s a need in the need to prove evidence that there &apos;s a lot of evidence .
so , in the way the shifting shift in , you see the brilliance of the lie .
and once you have such a possibility , you know , if you have this kind of thing , you &apos;re able to feel these other people in the other way , you &apos;re doing it , because they &apos;re going to make other happy if you don &apos;t remember them .
thank you for your attention .
yeah , good day .
i let me ask myself , if i could mention it .
she &apos;s one of the most popular ones here from this great event , and asked me if i wanted to leave a talk here and my idea of opportunity .
i &apos;ve got to say , you know , i &apos;ve got a lot of time to talk about my idea .
and maybe , perhaps , my favorite example , i think i &apos;m trying to introduce you .
but it &apos;s , of course , the sum , all of a lot of ideas .
i &apos;m probably one of the two nice girls still , i &apos;m part of the generation that has been given to this bad thing , because i &apos;ve been starting to study an undergraduate in college , in engineering , engineering college , today , i mean , i think kit .
and then i went back to berlin in the 1980s &apos; 80s , because i wanted to make renewable energy , and that wasn &apos;t in it .
there was the most talkative .
it was all the same time , all of a sudden , the name of the name was called the name .
the green ones today .
because a good engineer has either built great cars or a solar engineer .
but this kind of thing , like n n , actually made out of a hundred watts from the square square of the square square , which was a toy .
and in berlin , there was a crazy design project .
i &apos;m grateful that he was going to get the word again again , because after the cfo , you didn &apos;t have to use the word at all , because everything left was bad .
but in fact , it didn &apos;t happen in the ensuing years .
and there it was , there was a riot , and there was a bunch of people sitting in the middle of the neighborhood where they felt bad .
it was the place of the game , but that was called the wind and the power of the sun , and i went out in the middle of the 1980s .
and yes , a lot of what happened today was me very often , because many , many beautiful expressions that i &apos;ve also lived through .
i &apos;ve 11 / 11 years in the collective , which was the first thing .
we were 20 people .
if one no one said no , it &apos;s been a very clear thing , and i &apos;ve been able to have a lot of time , if i &apos;ve been able to do this great thing , whether i &apos;m going to really do my great thing , because all the colleagues in my father have been telling him , &quot; well , all the colleagues in my window have been given him . &quot;
it &apos;s related to insanity .
and that was really , very , very simple , and then it went into such a stage stage , and that was a picture where i asked myself about 10 years ago , a few thousand years ago , and that was , in fact , if you were a thousand years ago , of course , in the collective , of course , whether that &apos;s the great thing to do .
and then i went down to the bottom , and then we got together with friends , i was contacted the company of the company that then came together with the world &apos;s favorite mass of the world &apos;s greatest world .
but one of the things that we have , of course , is the problem of a growing enterprise , and then we have a little group , a small group , decided that we &apos;re starting to start small and go back to the next topic of the future , and i think that we &apos;re thinking about it , and it &apos;s going to come back to the next topic of the future .
and so i &apos;ve brought you a project that i &apos;d like to introduce you now .
and the title of talk was , how do you get to a hundred percent renewable renewable ?
and we just just started talking about a relatively important story , where could you make a memory of it today ?
on this island , this is the island of wheat on the grass .
yes , that &apos;s the data .
there are four and a half thousand people .
that &apos;s where we have three renewables of the age of 15 percent .
and the question is , why don &apos;t you have more ?
that &apos;s simply not technological .
if you &apos;re more vulnerable to each other , the system starts to fail .
i also want to tell you that in the politicians , when they &apos;re in our facility , and they &apos;re going to do it .
they always say , why ?
we &apos;ve got 20 percent in germany .
can &apos;t be a problem yet .
but not , we have seven percent in europe , and our network is physically the european union .
if we had in 20 20 years , we had the same problems that people have on this island there .
the question was simple , the first thing that happened was , the first thing to do with the island is to take a look at it .
how big would it be to be a battery , you can have , like , an island on 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , maybe 70 percent renewable dollars .
and yes , i &apos;m going to go back a little further .
the conventional system looks at all the way around the world .
by the way , a year will be about a hundred grand electrical output on the world &apos;s surface in the world .
this is the equivalent of a hundred nuclear power power , because it &apos;s very fast everywhere .
the hub of the world , which is happening , is deleted by diesel because you don &apos;t need permission .
it goes fast .
you put it in a box .
and then it basically looks like this .
they &apos;re always going to go three and a half of the time , and two will always wait .
yeah , so this is what the bottom line is , there &apos;s the load .
we &apos;ve also got very detailed data .
and the key or whatever or whatever it is , in fact , is a basic system system , or a system , which can only be in small quantities here .
our goal was just to say , okay , okay .
the diesel will be planted and the wind , the sun , the power of the sun , is that they can cover the larger range .
and if you want to go over 20 , 30 percent renewable energy , energy per year , not the achievement at the moment , then you have to turn off the diesel .
that is , in the moment , you have to worry about renewables that they can take the entire net .
of course , you can only be able to do that if you &apos;re in the way that you &apos;re in this way .
it didn &apos;t have any of the world in the world .
this is in a little style , so they can also drive your car on a little bit of a little bit of a car .
people always ask me , what do you actually think of in the field ?
that &apos;s going to happen .
but if you want to get multiple of these kind of composites , and you &apos;re going to build a net , it &apos;s very complicated .
and our goal was , we had to move 70 to four percent renewable , and then there &apos;s this rest , the last 10 , 20 percent renewable , that &apos;s going to be very , very expensive , and it &apos;s not going to work that it &apos;s doing batteries .
that &apos;s going to be a standard of energy , which is , hydrogen , methane , power to gas , you know , sh , it &apos;s going to be it .
you actually need to go back to a car store and go back and don &apos;t just make it balance .
we just wanted to know what &apos;s going on with a normal , scalable battery battery .
how far do you get there ?
and then they made a whole bunch of simulations .
and wind and sun and the load goes down and came to the result , a very interesting thing that you have in the conventional system , which , in 20 years , is a middle of the average system of about 50 cents a square time to get at least a cent of a cent .
these were the first first six years ago .
and then we said , okay .
it &apos;s great , then we have a business model .
we &apos;re cheaper than the price rate , when the five percent rate is going to increase five percent per year .
and then we started starting to negotiate with the paintbrush .
what would all be done ?
i had to negotiate with investors , i &apos;ve looked at new design models .
and then we were only five people at a time to rebuild the society .
and here &apos;s the picture .
the brown is the conventional system , the green is our system .
that our system is also a business system , because we &apos;re still able to make 20 percent of diesel , and we don &apos;t have a more good thing to do with the other things .
and the key ones that are the most prolific on the island , that &apos;s what we find very well .
we also want to support , but we don &apos;t think you can solve the technical problem .
and so we decided to build a hall in berlin where we could sort of map electrical space at the scale of one to three to the top of the island .
that means we &apos;re looking for finding the largest battery in the world .
here she is .
it &apos;s coming from asia , in fact , in japan .
and , in the &apos; 70s , it &apos;s been bbc in the &apos; 70s , and it &apos;s been developed now , and then became a lot of design in the japanese &apos; 70s .
you can see it &apos;s a very , very large battery .
it has a megawatts of performance and can do that for six hours , and that &apos;s the battery that we have kind of a little bit of a mess .
and then they set it up .
we also have one of the most powerful ones in the same size , as it sits there in the hall , in fact , the whole dynamic behavior from this web , so in the hall it looks like this , because there &apos;s a huge battery in the back of the grid , which is the whole battery that we see .
over here , we can simulate the whole solar system , the wires of the cable , to sort of look at the self-assembly system in the web .
and here you can see the whole thing again .
we can also eliminate processed kilowatts on the net .
here we see this again , again , again , the diesel , again , the whole one of these guys , again .
and what we &apos;ve done , since the first time , since this was done , was the whole thing that we &apos;ve been doing , which is , all of the way , which was built between the single system of electronics , to design software , we &apos;ve done it .
and so we &apos;re not a computer system , but we define ourselves as a company that &apos;s just between the subject of battery and the theme of the web , and all of them .
now , you have to communicate in the battery , of course , you can also communicate in the web , and that &apos;s very complicated .
the beauty is on the topic that basically , in this island , you can all be able to solve the problems that we &apos;re going to get when we &apos;re going to increase our percentage of renewables .
so , all of this discussion , like going back and forth , is going to go back to the way that we should go , on the island , for example , for 30 percent , 30 percent rate , so we &apos;re pushing the wind and the sun .
and then there &apos;s hypothermia to it .
so , aluminum acid , a everywhere everywhere .
we can actually start to use the base of the game , to start using solar networks , to do it , because you can manage the burden .
that means , if you &apos;re 70 percent renewable , you can &apos;t do that without memory .
you can go through n n you can get nets , you know , you should do it all the time , the fraction of you , but you can never get rid of memory all the time .
and that &apos;s just the n of the message .
that &apos;s why many people come and look at this , because you can see what the problems you get .
if we turn off the diesel , you don &apos;t have the spinning mass that causes some kind of inertia in the net .
and our most sophisticated computer models essentially is just a rotating thin from a lot of large water areas , where the wave all over the europe is occupied again .
we look in this web , see 50 hertz , and if there &apos;s a point of point at nine percent , we &apos;re going to start a couple of layers of wood , and then we &apos;ll get a little bit of steam steam , and then we get up again .
that &apos;s the system .
and of course , this is incredibly embarrassing .
if you get that somewhere there , it takes a while .
the hormone reserves is actually at least 10 seconds to keep the net stable .
and in time , they can react again .
if you don &apos;t have that , the spinning mass , then you have to replace that and replace it and replace it .
and we can double two milliseconds of battery with this big battery .
and you can see that there &apos;s a huge amount of waste there .
and the message is , we need to get into this rotating abundance , if we &apos;re in our own 20 , 20 , 20 percent , 20 , 30 , 30 percent and so on if we want to reach that .
then we have to break down our more difficult capacity on the net .
it &apos;s just simply the power station that goes on to keep the frequency .
yes , that &apos;s a moment in a moment that &apos;s going on , because of the oil bottle , because we don &apos;t , or because it &apos;s not , because it &apos;s not going to happen .
and we &apos;re just trying to try to do that that you can get the capacity to get down the capacity , to make the memories of the network .
now there &apos;s also a whole lot of studies now .
and to that purpose , people are going to come up and look at our financial pathways on the way , sort of like our transportation system .
and yes , the discussion is always about the question of how far can you get a piece of the future .
and many discussions that i had in the last six years were similar to the discussion that i had in the last 30 years .
don &apos;t exist , there &apos;s nonsense , and we &apos;ve lost it all over the way , never remember .
we &apos;ve got 30 degrees of polio in germany now .
this is kimbo .
and i just assume that in the next 30 years , we &apos;re going to store the same capacity of solar waste throughout the world .
very simple , this is how it will come .
there &apos;s going to be a whole bunch of arguments and arguments .
the beauty is that i &apos;ve actually seen in the last two years that scientists are looking at my side .
we &apos;ve now got over 10 million units of consumption now , as a car car now now that we can go back to german balls .
this will happen in april next .
so , of course , you know , there &apos;s a change there , and it &apos;s just about that kind of thing that &apos;s going on , to the idea , to the idea , a hundred percent renewable , right now .
and if you have a hundred percent renewable , it &apos;s like a self-organizing system .
now , in discussions of arguments , they &apos;re always trying to do this kind of thing that they &apos;re doing , they have a little little net , and it doesn &apos;t have to do with our own problems .
and the question is very simple , if you &apos;re completely fully independent from any fossil or organic system that will be somewhere somewhere in the world and become to them , they &apos;re an island .
then they only use what &apos;s going on on the sun and wind , where they live .
and this is a little bit of our vision of an energy supply , and i &apos;m also grateful that they said they &apos;re going to use solar power .
and that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing , and in that case , that &apos;s the end of the world &apos;s data , that you &apos;re going to be able to use a collective and be able to use solar power , a little bit of it , a little bit together .
and yeah , i just want to encourage you , in the sense that you can be a little crazy , and you can have a vision .
and you really have to get quite miserable , but i think it &apos;s going .
thank you .
when steve lopez , lecture from los angeles , one day through the streets in los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
she came from a man , african-american , heavy , poor , who had played a violin , which had only two strings .
many of you will know the story , because from a paper article , later , a book that was used , again , with robert robert junior as steve lopez and jamie dolphin when nathaniel anthony , he was steve , jamie jamie when he anthony , and he became the early career .
nathaniel left healy , suffered a knee , and 30 years later , he lived in the streets of 3,500 row in the center of los angeles .
i recommend you to read the book book , or to see the film , so that you don &apos;t just understand the wonderful connection that has come between these two men , but how the music helped create connection , and how they got the instrument , and that kind of pun would be able to get out of the street .
so , i was mr. mr. famously in 2008 , two years ago , walt walt hall hall .
he had heard a show of beethoven &apos;s first and fourth symphony , and came out of the stage to imagine me .
he talked to a very , very , very parallel note about yo-yo ladies and hillary clinton , and how the dodgers could never be able to put into the baseball world , and all of that because of the initial passage of the first sentence of beethoven &apos;s fourth symphony .
we came to talk about music , and a few days later , i got an email that was that nathaniel had been interested in writing for me .
i have to mention that nathaniel would have a medical treatment , because he was already used with electric and electric and tolerant , a trauma that has taken his entire life .
as a consequence of it , he &apos;s particularly prone to these schizophrenic stages , which is sometimes so bad , and he walked away in the streets of a row row in a row row , always keeps this horror and hearing his own mind .
and in the same such one of nathaniel , nathaniel was when we went to our first tour when walt disney hall hall began , and he had lost this insane gentleman in his eyes , and it was completely lost .
he talked about invisible demons and smoke and about how he wanted to poison in sleep .
i was afraid not , but i was afraid that i could lose it to be able to sink in one of his states , and that i could destroy his relationship to the violin , if i started to talk about the scale and the new and the other new forms of the world &apos;s dilemma .
so i just started playing .
i played the first sentence of beethoven &apos;s brain .
and while i was playing , i noticed that in real eyes , a complete change was happening .
it was like he was under the impact of a invisible drug , a chemical reaction that was catalyst to my game .
and very painful anger , it turned into understanding , in a quiet curiosity and grace .
and like a miracle , he took his violin and began to listen to a couple of snippets from a little bunch of sessions , and then asked me to play at the end : the , , , , , , , , the first thing .
and then we started talking about music , started from bach by playing with beethoven , hung , crying and all the other parts of the street , from rock to up to the north street .
and i realized that he didn &apos;t just have a knowledge of music about music , but he had a very personal relationship with her .
he talked about her with a passion and a understanding that i &apos;d only only talk about my colleagues in the los angeles of los angeles .
by writing music music and writing music , it was from this gentleman , confused man who was just moved to the streets of los angeles , a professor , a , , very famously , a trained trained musician .
music is medicine . music is changing .
for nathaniel , music has an emotional health .
because the music allows him , his thoughts and delusions with the imagination of its imagination and creativity in something real interesting .
and that &apos;s how he &apos;s got his extinct conditions .
i understood that this is exactly the nature of art .
that &apos;s why we make music , so that we have something that is in all of us , deep inside , our emotions , through our artistic lens , through our creativity , to create reality .
and the reality of that word comes to us all , and moved , inspired and united us .
what nathaniel went about , he took his music back into a community of friends .
the power of the music took him back into a family of musicians who understood him who had his talent and recognized him .
and i &apos;m always going to play again with nathaniel , whether walt walt disney hall , in a row row , in a row row , because reminds me of why i became a musician .
thank you .
bruno : thank you very much . thank you .
robert gupta .
robert gupta : i want to play something i stole stolen with the stole .
i hope you &apos;ll forgive me .
so , i knew a lot of fish in my life .
i only loved two .
this first one , that was more like a passionate affair .
it was a beautiful fish , crane , good consistency , ooh , a comic comic comic book on the menu .
what a fish .
better than that , it was bred to be stated by the strongest highest standards of sustainability .
so you might feel comfortable to sell him .
i had a relationship with this beauty over several months .
one day , the director of the company said , if i could make a conference in the event , about the sustainability of the farm .
&quot; of course , &quot; i said .
here was a company that was trying to solve what has been an extraordinary problem for our chefs , how do we keep fish in our food system ?
in the last 50 years we have the ocean fish that we have broken the bare bare rate .
it &apos;s hard to destroy the destruction .
90 percent of the big fish , the ones that we love , the tunas , the main ones , the water lanes , they have collapsed , they have collapsed .
there &apos;s almost nothing left .
so it &apos;s going to be kind of nasty , nasty , a part of our future .
a lot of arguments argue about it , and they pollute the environment , most of you anyway , and they &apos;re inefficient , we take tuna -- a big disadvantage .
he &apos;s got a $ 15 version of 15 to one .
that means you have to get 15 pounds of carbon dioxide to get a pound of carbon dioxide .
not very sustainable .
it &apos;s also not very good .
so finally , there was a company that was trying to do it right .
i wanted to supported them .
the day before the event , i called the ceo of the design company for the company .
let &apos;s call him .
&quot; don &apos;t go , &quot; i said , &quot; just to get the facts right , you &apos;re famous to grow so far out of the sea , that the environment doesn &apos;t have covered . &quot;
&quot; that &apos;s true , &quot; he said . &quot; we &apos;re so far out that the waste of our fish is distributed by , not concentrated . &quot;
and then he added it , &quot; we &apos;re essentially a world .
this one of the 11 to one , he said , &quot; he said .
&quot; the best in the industry . &quot;
beam to one , great .
&quot; go to one ? what do you feed ? &quot;
&quot; sustainable proteins , &quot; he said .
&quot; great , &quot; i said . put on .
and that evening , i was in bed , and i thought , what the hell is a sustainable protein ?
so i called the next day , briefly before the event , don &apos;t go .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t you , what are sustainable proteins ? &quot;
he said he didn &apos;t know . he &apos;s going to challenge me .
well , i &apos;m talking about a couple of people in the company . nobody could give me a proper answer , until i finally ended up asking by the surgical biologists .
let &apos;s also call it a look .
&quot; don &apos;t you know , &quot; i mean , &quot; what are sustainable proteins ? &quot;
well , he mentioned some algae and a couple of beers , and then he said , &quot; wow . &quot;
i said , &quot; huh ? &quot;
he said , &quot; yes , feathers , skin , water , waste , waste , food and food . &quot;
i said , &quot; how much percent of your family &apos;s bat is chicken ? &quot;
in the assumption of maybe two percent .
&quot; well , that &apos;s about 30 percent , &quot; he said .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t it matter to feed chicken to fish ? &quot;
there was a long pause in the line , and he said , &quot; there &apos;s just too much chicken in the world . &quot;
i &apos;m getting out of this fish .
no , not because i &apos;m a selfish player and an educator .
this is even me .
no , i actually got rid of this fish from the fish , because i swear to god that fish was made after this conversation after chicken .
this second fish , that &apos;s a different kind of story story .
it &apos;s the romantic way , which is , you know , the way you learn the fish , you learn the fish to love the more .
i first bought him a restaurant in a restaurant store .
a friend reporter had talked about this fish for a long time .
it kind of made us tick .
he came on the table with a light , almost white white color .
the chef had him loan him .
wait twice .
astonishingly , he still was delicious .
who can make a fish so good after he &apos;s been released ?
i can &apos;t , but this guy can do it .
let &apos;s call it a call . actually , he &apos;s going to call it .
and no , he doesn &apos;t eat the fish , and he &apos;s not a chef , at least in the way that you and i understand .
he &apos;s a biologist at la la bangoora .
this is a plastic factory in the central corner of spain .
it &apos;s near the mouth of the river .
until the 1980 was , the farm was in the hands of treason .
they grew breeding on what they were essentially wetlands .
they did it by turning the country down .
they built this complicated suite of channels , and they kept staring at water from the land and out of the river .
now they couldn &apos;t make that that worked , not economically .
and organic was a disaster .
it took about 90 percent of the birds around what &apos;s going to be a lot of birds .
and so , in a spanish company , green green company bought the country .
what did they do ?
they have reverse the flow of water .
they literally literally threw the levers .
instead of using water , they used the channels to keep the water back again .
they were wiping out the canals .
they created a 11,000 acres of rice oil -- water , fish , shrimp , shrimp -- and there &apos;s a lot of power and the company , and the company , the ecological destruction , completely completely different .
the farm is unbelievable .
i mean , you &apos;ve never seen anything like this .
they stare out on the horizon , which is a million miles away , and everything you see is a channels of channels and these density , lush march .
i wasn &apos;t there with a long time ago .
he &apos;s an incredible guy , three parts charles charles and a part , &quot; a crocodile to kiss . &quot;
okay ? there we are , and we were fighting through the wetlands , and i went back and forth , and i put up to the knee , and i think it &apos;s a little bit to the knee , and it &apos;s going to keep a silence of silence .
here he puts a rare spike of dna out there .
well , it &apos;s called the registry of phytoplankton .
and here , here it shows a pattern of bundle that remind him of the most giraffe .
it turns out that the biggest part of his career spent in the national national park in africa .
i asked him how he was going to become such a welder .
he said , &quot; fish ? i don &apos;t know about fish .
i &apos;m an expert for relationships . &quot;
and then it goes and goes into more talks of rare birds and algae and strange voids .
and don &apos;t get me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the community community community , that kind of thing .
it &apos;s great , but i was in love .
and my head was weak on this little piece of plastic fish that i had at the bottom of the day .
so i interrupted it . i said , &quot; hey , how do your fish taste so good ? &quot;
he showed the algae .
&quot; i know boy , the algae , the phytoplankton , the relationships , this is incredible .
but what do your fish eat ?
how is the premises ? &quot;
well , he goes to tell me that it &apos;s such a rich system that the fish eat , what they would eat in the wild .
the frozen biomass , the phytoplankton , the zoo , that &apos;s what the fish feed .
the system is so healthy , it &apos;s totally universal .
there &apos;s no food .
ever from a farm that doesn &apos;t feed their animals ?
later later , i went to this site on the site , and i asked him , and i said , &quot; for a place that seems to be like that , &quot; different than any farm i &apos;ve ever been , &quot; how do you succeed ? &quot;
and in the moment , it was like a movie director had to have a press service .
and we bow around the corner , and we have an opportunity in the most incredible sight , thousands and thousands of pinker damage , which actually have an interactive carpet so far .
&quot; this is success , &quot; he said .
&quot; look at your favorite thing , pink .
she &apos;s exaggerating . &quot;
telegraph ? i was totally confused .
i said , &quot; hey , don &apos;t you make your fish ? &quot;
&quot; yes , &quot; he said .
&quot; we lose 20 percent of our fish and the birds in the birds .
well last year , on this page , 600,000 people were 600,000 , more than 250 different species .
it &apos;s become the largest and one of the most important private communities in europe .
i said , &quot; well , you know , &quot; well , you know , &quot; well , you know , &quot; well , you know , &quot; don &apos;t do the last thing that you want to do on a 401 machine ? &quot;
he shook his head , no .
he said , &quot; we &apos;re building transportation , not intense .
this is a homemade network .
the plants eat the shrimp .
the shrimp eat the phytoplankton .
so the innovation in the gut is the better the system . &quot;
okay , let &apos;s rethink it , a farm that doesn &apos;t feed their animals , and a farm that &apos;s keeping their success on health .
a voodoo model , but also one more .
oh , and by the way , these aren &apos;t even supposed to be there at first .
they breed for a hundred miles away in the city where the car maintenance is better .
every morning they fly 240 miles to the farm .
and they &apos;re 30 miles back every night .
they do that because they can follow the most white white line of the sun .
seriously .
i had introduced a kind of journey to the penguins , so i looked at football .
i said , &quot; well , do you fly 240 miles to the farm , and do you fly 240 miles back at the night ?
do that for the kids ? &quot;
he looked at me as i was just quoted a song by whitney .
he said , &quot; no . you do that because the food is better . &quot;
i didn &apos;t mention the skin of my beloved fish , which was delicious , and i don &apos;t like a coffee store . i don &apos;t like it . i don &apos;t like it .
it &apos;s this cumulative , evocative taste .
i don &apos;t even know how to do it .
and yet , when i tried her in this restaurant in beer , she didn &apos;t tasted it .
they liked sweet and it felt like you would take a bite in the ocean .
i mentioned this to the q , and he &apos;s screaming .
he said , &quot; the skin acts like a sponge .
it &apos;s the last defense before it enters the body .
it has evolved in evolution in the field of evolution . &quot;
and then he added to it , &quot; but our water doesn &apos;t have a monopoly system . &quot;
okay . a farm that doesn &apos;t feed their fish ; a farm that successfully enhances their success on success .
and then i realized , if he says , a farm that doesn &apos;t have a monopoly store , it &apos;s got enormous , because the water that comes through this farm comes from the river of the inner river .
it &apos;s a river that &apos;s all of the things that are happening all over the world , and they &apos;re starting to lead them , the chemical pollutants , flow of water pollution .
and if it was working through the system , and that leaves is the water clean , as it &apos;s like .
the system is so healthy ; it cleans water .
so not just a farm that doesn &apos;t feed their animals , not only a farm that is affecting their success for health , but a farm that literally is a shoe store , not only for these fish , but also for you and me .
because when the water rains , it &apos;s in the atlantic .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i take it , and you should do it , because these love stories , like romantic and also , is also speaking .
you might say that you &apos;re a recipe for the future of good food , whether we &apos;re talking about ourselves or not .
what we need now is a radically new concept of agriculture , from one of the things that actually makes it taste taste .
but for many people , this is a little bit radical .
we &apos;re not rocket scientists , we &apos;re praying . we &apos;re lover .
we love cheese sandwiches . we love little kids . we talk about local food ; we eat organic organic .
and if you say that these are the things that the future of good food is sitting on there , and says , &quot; hey people , i love a joke of love , but how are they going to feed the world ?
how will they feed the world ? &quot;
can i be honest ?
i don &apos;t like this question .
no , not because we &apos;re producing enough calories to feed the world more than only .
one billion people are starving .
one billion -- that &apos;s more than ever before -- because of the inequalities that are related to the distribution , not in the absence of the world .
well , i don &apos;t like this question because you have the logic of our childhood revolution over the last 50 years .
feed the herbivores to herbivores , the water sheets of water , chemicals on the earth , chicken , fish , and all the time , agribusiness are easy to ask , &quot; if we &apos;re going to feed more people , how terrible can it be ? &quot;
that was the cause . it was the task . it was the business business of american agriculture .
we should call them what it is , a craft in 3d networks , a craft that takes fast amounts of capital to produce that production production .
this is not a craft , and it &apos;s not agriculture .
our health crisis today is endangered , not because of the most powerful , but because of the resources of the resources .
not through the latest technology and the hub , but by fertile land , not through pumps , but through water water , not by angry , but by forests , and not through fruit and nets , but through fish in the ocean .
they want to feed the world ?
let &apos;s start with the question : how are we going to feed ourselves ?
or better , how can we create conditions that allow every community to feed themselves ?
to do that , don &apos;t look at the future for the future .
it &apos;s really old , and it &apos;s done .
capital , chemistry and machines are stuck in it , and it never made something really good for food .
let &apos;s take a look at this environmental model instead .
that &apos;s that , in two billion years of time .
look at hemisphere &apos;s farmers , farmers like nitrous oxide .
businesses , who are not worlds to be able to recover , instead of trying to recover , instead of acting , instead of having a few , farmers , which are not just people , but experts for relationships , but experts in relationships .
because they are the ones who are also experts for taste .
and if i really want to be honest , you &apos;re a better chef than i will be .
you know , that &apos;s me right , because if that &apos;s the future of good food , it will be delicious .
thank you .
now , if i want to show you one thing that &apos;s going on here , that the total of the data that we consume is bigger than the sum of the parts , and instead of thinking about it , i think you &apos;re thinking about how to make information that we &apos;re able to be able to figure out how to make information that we couldn &apos;t be visible .
so , what we &apos;re seeing here is a typical camp of age early .
the program i use here is a little experiment .
it &apos;s called brain protection , and what i can do with a lot of life is that i can filter on a certain cause of death , we &apos;ll be accidents .
and immediately i see another pattern that makes it .
and that &apos;s because , in the middle of the world , the people are most active , and they &apos;re over there at the top time .
we can take a step further and see the data and then see the data and see that the treatment of cancer and cancer are the usual suspects , but not for everyone .
now , if we go further , and we look at age , we say 40 years or younger , we know that accidents are even the cause of people who should be concerned about people .
and who can see , in fact , is that it &apos;s true for men .
so what you see is that looking at information and data in this way , very much in swimming in swimming in a living sphere .
and if we can do this for raw data , why does it not apply to content ?
now , what we &apos;ve got here is the individual &apos;s everyday sport , which is ever ever printed .
it &apos;s all here . it &apos;s all online .
you can like to test it after my talk in your dorm rooms .
you can get into a decade in a decade .
you can dive into a specific year .
you can jump directly to a certain issue .
now , if i look at this here , i see the athlete that comes in this issue and the courthouse .
i &apos;m a lance armstrong , and i &apos;m going to click on all of the projects that i mentioned in the armstrong armstrong .
now , if i just want to get a glimpse of this , i could think , &quot; ok , what if i look at all of this topic on the subject ? &quot;
so i go back and take a look at this perspective .
now i see greg street pairs .
and so you get an idea that if you plot on this kind of information , you see , three-dimensional , wider , scalable , you know , you don &apos;t want to do or don &apos;t just take it .
you make something that &apos;s actually a little bit different .
it &apos;s something between them and we think it changes the way the information can be used .
i want to take this idea a little bit further , and something about a little bit crazy .
so what we &apos;ve done here is we took a single patch of dna and put it into a little summary .
the summary is a short survey , and a symbol of the area that comes out of it .
i &apos;ll just show the top 500 of the top pairs of control .
but even in this limited view , we can do a lot of things .
immediately , we get a sense of the issues that are on the top of wikipedia .
i &apos;m going to vote for government .
now , after the government &apos; elected , i realize that the most popular thing that most of you are doing with time is &quot; people of the year . &quot;
this is really important , because this is a realization that &apos;s not in a single body form .
that &apos;s just when you take a step back and see the whole thing .
looking at a certain of these summaries , i can go into the same time of people &apos;s worth &quot; the year of the year &quot; and all of a sudden .
now , if i look at all these people , i know that the majority of them are . they come from science . some , even less , come from the economy . here &apos;s my boss . and one comes out of the street .
and interestingly , bono is also a ted prize winner .
so we can jump and take a look at all the ted prize winner .
you see , we &apos;re surfing on the net as well as whether it &apos;s really a network , not just from side to side , but much more abstract .
and so i &apos;d like to show you something else a little surprise .
i just just show you the new york times website .
in fact , this application -- i don &apos;t want to call it a browser ; it doesn &apos;t really have any browser , but you can look at websites -- and we &apos;re going to bring these pieces of data to every single website like this .
so i can go back a step and go directly into a specific loop program .
that &apos;s why it &apos;s important because you &apos;re just looking at websites in the way that we can look at the whole way of looking at the same way in the same way .
so i can zoom in in a course of a time frame .
here &apos;s the part of the whole demonstration that i &apos;ve been holding up here .
and i can sort of see everything i &apos;ve seen today , again .
and , if i look at a step , and i look at everything , i can take my course , i think , i &apos;m going to go back to the course of my career , and here i &apos;m going to look for the labs , here , bing , or here in live labs .
and from here , i can go into the side and go back to it .
it &apos;s a metaphor that will be used again , and every time it makes a big picture bigger than the sum of the commons .
in the moment , in this world , we think that data is a curse .
we &apos;re talking about the oscar curse .
we talk about &quot; drowning in information . &quot;
what if we could turn this situation and put the internet on the head , so that instead of trying to go from one to another , from a lot of things can be able to go to a lot of things , and see what that was otherwise hidden ?
if we can do that , then the past will end up , perhaps a new source of information information .
and , instead of just being able to get into information , we can get out of it .
and when we know knowledge , maybe we can actually pull out of it .
i &apos;m listening to that , thank you very much .
i grew up with a violent live fiction fiction .
in my high school , i went to school with a bus every day , every hour .
and my nose always kept in a book , a book professor , which brings my thoughts into other worlds and livestock , and i grew up deep deep in touch , voracious curiosity dancers .
and the curiosity struck me that i was always when i wasn &apos;t in school , through the forests of forests , and collected &quot; samples , &quot; frogs and snakes and bugs and bugs and all the time , and all of a sudden .
i was totally paralyzed , you know .
it &apos;s always been trying to understand the world and understand the boundaries of the species .
and my love to science fiction seemed to be reflected in my environment , because then , in the late &apos; 60s , we went to the moon and exploring the deep sea .
jacques cousteau came into our living room with his amazing shows that gave us animals and places and a world of wonder that we could never have imagined before .
now , that would be very good at that kind of cybercriminal .
and i was an artist .
i could draw . i could paint .
and because it wasn &apos;t video games yet , and these days of video games , they had the same imagery in the media landscape , and i had to create the pictures in my head .
that &apos;s what we had to do . all right , when we read a book , we took the description of the dna record and we put them on the screen in our heads .
my response to this was drawing and painting from aliens , aliens worlds , robots , all kinds of things .
i was always struck by the teacher in front of me , hidden out in the textbook .
creativity had to sort of figure out .
and something interesting happened , which was what happened to jacques jacques shows , was the thought of a completely unknown world here on our earth .
certainly , i would never ever have an alien world with a spacecraft , so it seemed quite unlikely to me .
but here was a world that i could actually live on here , on the earth , and she was also fascinating and exotic like all of which i &apos;ve always imagined when i had read these books .
so i decided , when i was 15 , i was going to get divers .
the only problem that i had was in a small village in canada , a thousand miles from the nearest ocean .
but i didn &apos;t let me down .
i got my father , until finally finally , had seen a ph.d. in buffalo , new york , just on the other side of the border where we lived .
i made my ph.d. class in a pool of the library in the middle of the winter in buffalo , new york .
the ocean , but a real ocean , i just got two years later to face when we moved to california .
since then , in the 40 years , since now , i &apos;ve spent about 2,000 hours under water , 500 hours of it in the field .
and i &apos;ve learned that the world of the deep sea , even in the ocean &apos;s oceans , is so rich to live life , as we can &apos;t quite imagine .
nature &apos;s imagination doesn &apos;t know boundaries , very opposed to our own , human human imagination .
for the days today , i have utter awe for what i see on my dives .
and my love to hold the ocean on the same intensity as well as ever .
so when i was a partner , as a adults , it was filmmaking .
that seemed to be the best possible , my inner push , telling stories , with my need to create images .
i used to drew books like this kid .
so films came out of the way to bring images and stories . that fit together .
of course , the stories that i came up with was from the &quot; iliad , &quot; &quot; terminator , &quot; &quot; aliens , &quot; and &quot; cheers . &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m able to put my preference for the software industry and bring it to the filmmaking .
so , basically , my two passions .
something interesting happened in &quot; the world &quot; : to solve a serious problem in this film -- and we had to create such a kind of liquid liquid -- we were based on animation animation , square , back , back .
what it came out was that the first cloned film machine that was ever seen in a movie .
the film didn &apos;t have a money , and that &apos;s what he would just have had a cost of power , but i found something fascinating : the audience around the world was like the magic , which was out of the magic that was out of it .
according to arthur clarke &apos;s law , they &apos;re unaware of technology , and magic is not different from others .
so you saw something magic .
and i found that incredibly exciting .
and i thought , &quot; wow , that &apos;s really needed to be involved in education . &quot;
so we went into &quot; terminator two , &quot; my next film , still a lot further .
together , we made the metal out of liquid metal , and the success depended on how this effect would go .
and it worked . again , we had a magical thing , and the effect in the audience was the same , but we had a little bit more money on the film .
from these two experiences , a whole new world was reached , a whole new world of creativity for education .
so i started a company , together with my good friend stan , who was at the time of the best class and the family bank , and it was called &quot; digital cabinet . &quot;
so the basic idea of this company was , stage analog processes with visual printers , etc . , etc .
and that &apos;s what we did , and we made a competitive advantage for a while .
but in the middle of the 90s , we realized that we were in the process of finance , and we were in the process of what we actually did , which is actually the beginning of the company in order to slow up .
i had this piece of &quot; avatar &quot; written , which shows the bar in visual effects and negative effects in all new new heights , with different conscious qualities , which have been made by a drug , and the pavilion should be all of the power , and the world should be more profitable .
but the stick hit a little bit back , and the people in my company told me that we were not able to do that .
so i began this , and i made this other film about the big ship that will fall .
and i &apos;ve been selling this as &quot; romeo and juliet on a ship &quot; -- it &apos;s got a more powerful order of scale , a passionate movie .
but secretly , i wanted to blow up the real post of the titanic .
so i made the film .
that &apos;s the truth . the studio didn &apos;t know .
but i convinced her , i said , &quot; we &apos;re going to the train . we &apos;re doing the real post .
we &apos;re going to show it in the video of the film .
it &apos;s immensely important . it &apos;s a good design for marketing . &quot;
and i persuaded them to fund an expedition .
sounds crazy . but this goes back to the notion that your imagination can create a reality .
we actually made a reality in six months later , where i went to a russian russian lab , four miles under the surface of the north atlantic , and i looked at the real titanic through a computer scientist .
it wasn &apos;t a film , no design machine , that was really true .
so , that blew my mind .
and that &apos;s really affordable , and we had to build cameras and lights and all kinds of things .
and i noticed how much of this surgery was , one of the things that was similar to me .
well , they were also more sophisticated and more sophisticated planning planning .
you get into this capsule , you &apos;re going to go into these dark , moist environments , where no hope in rescue is if you don &apos;t get it back .
and i thought , &quot; wow , that &apos;s the same as if i was in a design program .
that &apos;s really cool . &quot;
i was really obsessed with exploring the deep sea .
anyway , part of the part of doing with curiosity and science . it was all . it was adventure , it was curiosity . it was an imagination .
and it was an experience that couldn &apos;t give me hollywood .
because , you know , i was able to imagine a creature that we could make a visual effect , but i couldn &apos;t imagine what i would see outside of the auditorium .
and in some of the following expeditions , i &apos;ve seen creatures in color , and sometimes things that i &apos;ve never seen before , sometimes things that haven &apos;t ever seen before , and the science at the time we saw them had never found words .
so that was really true to me , and i wanted to get more .
and so i met a slightly unusual decision .
after the titanic of &quot; titanic , &quot; i said to myself , &quot; okay , i want to put my career as a filmmaker in hollywood on ice , and i &apos;ll go back for a while . &quot;
and then we started , we started to say , &quot; wow , &quot; and they were exploring them .
we went back to the titanic of the titanic .
we took little robots that we had built , which was a giant ball generator .
our intent was to look at the head of the ship , which was never done before .
no one had ever looked at the inside of the marine industry , and there &apos;s no way that we had a lot of it . so we developed the technology .
well , there i am , on the deck of the titanic , in a 3d cafe , and looking at the color , and this is a little bit of the kind of structure that you see here , and i know once once the band has played there .
and i fly with a little bit of glass through the vessel of the ship .
and it &apos;s actually just that , but my consciousness is within the vehicle .
it felt like i was physically standing inside of the titanic of the titanic .
this was the most abstract form of a computer that i &apos;ve ever experienced , because before i take around a corner , i always knew what was going on in the middle of the vehicle , because i took a round of months when we did the film .
and the set of this set was actually a kind of a copy of the ship &apos;s blueprints .
so that was a very strange experience .
she made me realize that this kind of thing is that you &apos;re using such kind of breathing devices and such your conscious consciousness in the vehicle , in this other form of existence , in the other form of existence .
it was really incredibly profound .
and perhaps a small way of looking at what might happen in a few decades , if you &apos;ve been able to try to study something or try to do something like that , in all sorts of disciplines that i can think of as a fully-fledged .
after this expeditions , we began to see what we were seeing at the bottom , really to learn , for example , where we were seeing these incredibly amazing animals , these are kind of alien , but here on earth .
they live with the help of the locals .
they don &apos;t exist in a much more effective system , as we do .
and so you can see animals that are right next to a 500 degrees centigrade that they can survive there .
and at the same time , i was also very interested in thinking , and this was back from my childhood childhood .
and so i ended up with the people who have been interested in space and to do nasa , and to sit at the center of the world , and you &apos;re looking at russia , and you &apos;re going to go back to russia , through the mission of the recording , and all the time , and then we &apos;re going to go back to the international government .
that was fascinating .
but at the end , it went out to me that i went through the deep sea .
i took them up , and i gave them access to the world in the bottom : the world , the , , the people , the people who were interested in such extreme extremes , and i took them to the data that they were able to take out the data , and take them out and produce instruments and so on .
we did no mistakes , but actually , science science , that &apos;s what we &apos;re saying .
so the circle of the existence of my existence , as a child , and as a child , and the reality of reality .
in the course of this voyage of discovery , i learned a lot .
i &apos;ve learned a lot about science , but i think you &apos;re going to have a director , also , to have a leader like a millionaire or something like that .
i didn &apos;t mind much of leadership before i launched these expeditions .
because at a certain point , i had to say , &quot; what do i do here ?
why do i do that ? what &apos;s going on ? &quot;
these magnificent films don &apos;t bring us a cash .
we &apos;re just playing the cost . we don &apos;t have any trace .
everybody thinks i &apos;d come between &quot; titanic &quot; and &quot; avatar , &quot; and i &apos;d literally put a nails on a towel on a beach on the beach .
i &apos;ve all got these films , these documentaries , for a very small audience .
no glory , no honor , no money . what do you do ?
you &apos;re doing it for the sake of the world , to the challenge of the future -- and the ocean is the richest environment that is there . you &apos;re doing it in the process of doing it , and because of the strange connection that makes a team a bunch of people .
because we &apos;ve done all of this with only 10 to 12 people working around 24 years , sometimes we were two to three months a row on sea .
and in this community , you realize that the most important thing is the best thing that you have before each other , because you &apos;ve done a task that you can &apos;t explain any other thing .
if you come back to land and you say , &quot; we had to do it , the oil lanes , the world , and the whole way , the whole technology , and the trouble , the human experience , if you &apos;re working on sea , and then you can &apos;t explain the other thing .
there &apos;s a connection associated with each other .
so when i came back to look at my next film &quot; avatar , &quot; i tried to use the same leadership , which is that you &apos;re being respected and encourage them to make respect .
it really changed the dynamic .
so there i was again with a little team on a small terrain , and we were called &quot; avatar , &quot; with a new technology that was still before .
hugely exciting .
it &apos;s an incredible challenge .
and we &apos;ve been in a right family for four and a half years .
so my way to do this is to make movies , completely .
there were people who thought we were actually doing this kind of thing , and it &apos;s going to be confused and forth on the planet .
for me , there was more of a way to do my job , the actual process that changed in the outcome .
so what can we close from all of this ?
what lessons have we learned ?
i think that &apos;s the curiosity .
it &apos;s the most powerful human property .
our imagination is a force that can even create a reality .
and the warning of your team is more important than all of the world &apos;s greatest world .
to me , young filmmakers who say , &quot; give me a advice of how i can do something like this . &quot;
and i say , &quot; don &apos;t give yourself a self .
that &apos;s got some for you . don &apos;t do it yourself , don &apos;t bet against yourself , but take risks to you . &quot;
nasa has such a leader : &quot; failure is not an alternative . &quot;
but in art and exploration , we don &apos;t have to be an alternative , because there &apos;s an opportunity to suggest .
not a big endeavor , which led to innovation , has never been focused on risk .
you have to be willing to take these risks .
and that &apos;s the idea i &apos;d like to give you on the way , and failure is not an alternative , but it &apos;s not . thank you .
today i &apos;m going to talk to you about energy and climate .
and this may be something that may be , because my favorite business on the foundation is mainly vaccines and seeds , to the things that we need to provide and to create the world &apos;s poorest two billion .
but energy and climate is extremely important for these people , actually even more important than everyone else on the planet .
what &apos;s meant is that they don &apos;t grow up for a lot of years , it &apos;s going to grow too much or too much rain , and things are going to change how it protects their fragile environment .
that leads to the . it leads to uncertainty . it leads to riots .
so , a climate change is going to be terrible for you .
and also , the most important thing for them is very important .
and the fact is , if you could reduce the price of a price , the energy energy would be far from the most effective .
well , it &apos;s fallen over time .
in fact , the solar system is based on computation .
the u.s. revolution had the industrial revolution , and even in the 20th century , there was a deadly case in the oil industry , and that &apos;s why we have refrigerators , air conditioning , we can make modern materials and so many things .
so we &apos;re in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
but if we reduce the price -- let &apos;s cut off the price -- let &apos;s go to a new barrier , and that barrier depends on co2 .
co2 warms up the planet , and the equation for co2 is actually quite clear .
it &apos;s called the co2 co2 that leads to the development system , and this data system has some very negative effects : effects on the weather , and perhaps worse , and the result is that the natural ecosystems can &apos;t adapt to that rapid change .
now , the exact relationship between a computer system and the kind of thing that &apos;s going on is where the other consequences are , there are some questions , but not a lot of people , but not very much .
and there &apos;s safe ambiguity about how bad these consequences are , but they &apos;re going to be extremely bad !
i &apos;ve been asking the various times a few times , &quot; do we really have to get down to zero ? &quot;
don &apos;t it cost half or a quarter ? &quot;
the answer is , until we get close to zero , the temperature will continue to increase .
so it &apos;s a big challenge .
it &apos;s very different to say , we &apos;ve got a 3,000 yards of wood from a couple of feet from the one .
this has to go down to zero , zero .
well , we &apos;re going to get a lot of carbon dioxide every year , over 26 billion tons of tons .
each americans are about 20 tons of people , people from poor countries , less than one .
on average , it &apos;s about five tons for every planet on the planet .
and somehow we have to make changes that reduce that down to zero .
it &apos;s got up again .
only different economic changes have changed at all , and we need to go from increasing increase to reduction and miles down to zero .
this equation has four factors , a little bit of value . you have this thing on the left -- co2 -- that you want to take zero , and that will depend on the number of people from the service that people use in average average , the average energy for energy service .
so let &apos;s look at each individual , and let &apos;s think about how we get it to zero .
probably one of these numbers must be very close to zero .
now that &apos;s basic algebra , but let &apos;s go through it .
first we have the population .
today , life billion billion people live .
and it &apos;s about 9 billion miles of power that are going to move to nine billion .
if we &apos;re very successful with new vaccines , which are solar pollution , and we can be able to reduce that 10 percent to 15 percent , but at the time , we &apos;ll see a slope of 1.3 percent , but at the time we see a slope of 1.3 .
the second factor is the services we use .
it &apos;s all the food that we eat , clothing , television , heat .
that &apos;s a very good thing to do , and it &apos;s a lot of money to make these services accessible to each other on the planet .
it &apos;s great that this number goes up .
in the rich world , in the upper billion , we might be able to do it and use less , but in average , this number will grow up every year , and then it &apos;s going to be more than double , the number of services that are given to the person .
here we have a very basic service . is it home at home , so you can read the homework ?
and these students don &apos;t have it , so they go out and they read their bones under the bottom of the car .
now , in efficiency , the e , the energy per service , there &apos;s now good news .
we have something that doesn &apos;t go up .
because of a lot of successes in education , by various people , through new methods of education , there are a lot of services that are worth a lot of services to reduce 90 percent reduction .
in other services , how to make the millennium consumption -- 65 : eight -- eight , 11 : 11 : five or a half , and it &apos;s going to get a lot of time for improvements in a lot of smaller areas , and that &apos;s the time to get a lot of times .
in total , if we &apos;re optimistic , maybe we can get a factor of three or maybe a factor of three or maybe a sixth sixth .
but in the first three factors , we &apos;re now from 26 billion to maybe 13 billion tons of energy , and that &apos;s simply not enough !
so let &apos;s look at the fourth factor -- and this is going to be a key thing -- that &apos;s the amount of co2 that is a unit of energy consumption .
it turns out that if you can get that to zero .
if you burn coal , no .
if you burn natural gas , no .
almost every standard of electricity today is co2 , except renewables , and renewables .
so what we need to do on a global level is to create a new system .
we need collusion .
now , if i use the &quot; miracle &quot; , i mean , i &apos;m not the impossible .
the microprocessor is a miracle . the pc is a miracle .
the internet and its services is a miracle .
people here have contributed to the development of many of these miracles .
you don &apos;t normally have a deadline that you need a miracle until a particular date .
normally , you &apos;re just just getting wrong and some people aren &apos;t .
in this case , we have to give ourselves a choice , and have a miracle in very short time .
well , i asked myself , how can i really get that ?
is there a natural brain system , a demonstration that &apos;s going to put the idea of people around here ?
i reminded myself last year when i got mosquitos , and somehow the people liked it .
the idea was really true for you , you know , there are people who live with mosquitos .
it was one of the things for energy .
i decided that it was going to be made from light to my own contribution to the environment .
so here are some natural fireflies .
you have told me that you don &apos;t bite . you don &apos;t actually want to leave the glass .
well , there are all kinds of things like this , but they don &apos;t get all of them .
we need solutions , either one or many of them who have an increase in scale and space , and even though there &apos;s a lot of directions where people are looking for people , i really really have five , which can be able to afford these big demands .
i have tides , we go away , fusion and biofuels from biofuels .
this may be a little bit of a contribution , and if you expect better than i expect , it would be great , but my statement here is that we have to work on all these five , and we can &apos;t give them up because they have a lot of problems .
let &apos;s first look at burning fossil fuels , combustion from coal or gas or gas .
what you have to do here is maybe just simple , but it &apos;s not . you have to take all the co2 that comes out of the burning of the nest , and get rid of pressure , and then hope that they &apos;re going to stay there .
there are a couple of things that are going on on a 60 percent , 80 percent level , but it &apos;s going to get very 100 percent , and there &apos;s an agreement for getting rid of the co2 , it &apos;s a big challenge , but the greatest problem here is the internet system .
who will make it ?
who can make something that literally grows a lot of billions larger than any kind of waste you can imagine from the other and the other things ?
that &apos;s a lot of volume .
so that &apos;s a tough thing .
next , whoa .
they also have three big problems , and the cost of most of the countries in the countries are high , and the question for security is that you really feel that nothing can go wrong , despite the value of engagement , that the fuel is not used for weapons .
and what do you do with the waste ?
because even though it &apos;s not very large , there &apos;s a lot of concerns about it .
so three very difficult problems that might be solved , and that &apos;s where you should work .
i &apos;ve put the last three of the five weeks .
it &apos;s renewables as they &apos;re often called .
and also , they have -- although it &apos;s great , they don &apos;t need a fuel -- they have some drawbacks .
one is the energy density that creates these technologies dramatically faster than the ones that are happening .
these are huckleberry bushes , you &apos;re talking about lots of thousands of times , a thousand times more square than a normal power station .
and also , through these vents .
the sun doesn &apos;t seem the whole day , and it doesn &apos;t seem every day , and the same is not just the wind .
that &apos;s why you have to rely on these sources , have a way , the energy , in the times , when you &apos;re not available .
so there &apos;s big numbers here . there are challenges in transmission . if we say that the source of energy is outside the country , you don &apos;t just need the technology , you have to deal with the risk that the energy from where different comes from .
and there &apos;s the key thing .
and to show the dimension , i have all kinds of batteries that are made , and the cars , computers , mobile phones , for everything , and that &apos;s what i found with the amount of electronic energy that the world uses , and that &apos;s what i found with the amount of electronic energy that we have now .
so we need a big breakthrough here , something that is going to be a 100 percent better than the approaches to the time .
it &apos;s not impossible , but it &apos;s not so easy .
this is what happens when you try to say these vent sources about 20 percent , 30 percent of the time .
if you want to support 100 percent of them , you need an incredible amount of information .
now where should we go : what is the right approach ?
one &quot; project project &quot; ? how do we get to the goal ?
what we need is a lot of companies working on it . hundreds of them .
in each five of these five areas , we need to get at least 100 people .
in many ways you &apos;re saying , you &apos;re crazy ! that &apos;s good .
i think here in the ted group , there are many people who have already come up with it .
bill big has a lot of companies , among other people , which have a great computer company .
dow &apos;s invested invested in dozens of companies doing great things and interesting things , and i &apos;m trying to support that .
nathan myhrvold : and i finance a company that may , perhaps , surprisingly , have done a nuclear approach .
there &apos;s some innovations in the market ; water , it &apos;s liquid .
the development has been stopped in this industry a few days , so it &apos;s not a great surprise that some good concepts are lying around .
the idea means that , instead of one of the most important things , one of the percent , which is one percent , we &apos;ve decided to burn the 99 percent , which is the bottom .
that &apos;s a pretty crazy idea .
but in fact , you &apos;ve been thinking about it for a long time , but you could never see reasonable whether it was going to work , but since there &apos;s a modern supercomputer , you can simulate it and see that : yes , with the right design system , it looks like it &apos;s going to work .
and because you &apos;re going to burn that 99 percent , it &apos;s a lot better .
in fact , you burn the waste , and you can even use the waste of today today as a building tool .
instead of breaking down your head , it just burn it . a great thing .
the uranium is incremental , a bit like a candle .
you can see that it &apos;s a kind of column , often called the recycling wave .
it really doesn &apos;t solve it .
here &apos;s a picture of a place in kentucky .
that &apos;s waste , the 99 percent . you have the part that &apos;s going to be burned now , so it &apos;s called uranium uranium .
it was the u.s. for hundreds of years .
and if you &apos;re doing cheap and cheap equipment , you get enough fuel for the rest of the planet on the planet .
you know , there &apos;s a lot of challenges , but it &apos;s an example of many hundreds of concepts that we need to move forward .
let &apos;s think about how we measure our success .
how should our greeks look ?
now , let &apos;s go to the goal that we have to achieve , and then we talk about it .
many of them talk about an 80 percent reduction by 2050 .
it &apos;s really important that we get there .
the rest of 20 percent are going to be produced in poor countries , and still a agriculture , and hopefully it &apos;s going to be clean , and it &apos;s going to be clean .
so , to reach that 80 percent , the world has to be developed , including countries like china , their completely completely transformed .
the other note is whether we &apos;re using the technology technology , whether it &apos;s deployed in all developed countries , and we &apos;re on the way to get them to the rest .
that &apos;s great .
that &apos;s going to be a key thing on this system .
if we go back there , how should the 2020 look like the 2020 ?
it should contain the two elements .
we should use the use of order to get reduction to the way , the less we get out , the smaller will be the temperature , and the temperature is the temperature .
but actually , the note is the things that we &apos;re doing , which doesn &apos;t completely lead to the big business industry , just the same , or even less than something else , the other ones that are the speed of innovation for these breakthroughs .
we &apos;re going to have to follow these breakthroughs , and we can measure that , and we can measure it , in 3d fields , in 3d centers and in the middle of the world .
there are many great books to this topic .
al gore &apos;s book &quot; we gave the choice , &quot; david david &apos;s &quot; energy energy &quot; made hot air . &quot;
they &apos;re actually going to do it by creating a frame that can be discussed this broad , because we need to support all of the pages .
there are some things that have to come together .
that &apos;s a wish .
it &apos;s a very important wish that we &apos;re trying to invent this technology .
if you just give me a wish for the next 50 years , i could choose the president , a vaccine , and that &apos;s what i love , or i could choose this wish , which is , , no doubt , co2 , without co2 .
that has the greatest impact .
if we don &apos;t get that desire , the vaccine will be done between the long term and the very early people , between the united states and china , between poor and rich , and almost all of the lives of this two billion are going to be much worse .
so what do we need to do ?
what do i do for the kinds of things ?
we need to use for more research .
if countries are going to places like places in places like this , they don &apos;t just want to talk about co2 .
you should talk to these arguments , and they would be shocked by the ridiculous little money that are going to be spent for these innovative approaches .
we need to use co2 , co2 taxes , the &amp; amp ; trade is a building that makes a difference .
we need to spread the message .
we have to lead to dialogue and space and also the things that are going to be done by government .
it &apos;s an important wish , but i think we can fulfill it .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you . thank you !
thank you very much . just to make a little better understanding of this -- first , can you give us an idea of scale in this investment ?
bill gates : to simulation the simulation on a supercomputer , all the great scientists we &apos;ve done , we just need some 10 million , and even if we tested our materials in a russian reactor to make sure that it works sensible .
the difficult step is to build the first spot , find billions of billions of the time , and the location of the place , actually , to build the first of these .
once the first thing is , when it &apos;s going to go as well as i promised , it &apos;s all clear , because the economy , energy density is so different as we do it , as we know them .
to understand that right now , that means to build deep in the ground almost like a vertical pillar of nuclear energy equipment , this consumed air , and then the process starts up and working on the bottom ?
im : exactly . now , you &apos;ve got to put the reactor out there , so there &apos;s lots of people and lots of control that can go wrong , and this thing where you open it and put things out or forth . and that &apos;s not good .
but if you have very cheap fuel , you can take it for 60 years -- think about an column -- that you buried , without the entire complexities .
and it sits there , and it burns 60 years , and then it &apos;s done .
one of the things that offers a solution to waste is a solution to waste .
s : yes . well , what happens to the waste : you can sit there -- there &apos;s a lot less waste with this method -- you take it and put it into the next reactor and burn it into the next reactor and burn it .
and we &apos;re starting to take the waste that already exists , which is in this little or a small place of reactors , and that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing .
so this is a little bit for these reactors , which is what we &apos;re in in our homes , and it &apos;s going to dramatically dramatically reduce the process in this process .
but while you &apos;ve talked about the other people in the world about these possibilities .
where is the greatest interest to do this really ?
nt : well , we haven &apos;t set up on a place , and there &apos;s a lot of interesting design points for all the &quot; nuclear &quot; in the name . there &apos;s a lot of interest , and the people of the company were in russia , india , china -- i was here , and i talked about it .
i &apos;m optimistic . you know , the french and japanese have done something in the direction .
this is a version of a thing that was made .
it &apos;s an important step forward , but it &apos;s like a faster reactor , and some countries have built this , so everybody who has a quick reactor , a long-term tool for our first first .
in your sense of view , how does it really make sense to live in life ?
nt : well , we need one of these more , very difficult things that are very cheap , we &apos;ve spent 20 years to innovate , and then 20 years for it .
so this is kind of the deadline that we &apos;ve demonstrated to us , that we have to follow .
and , you know , whoa , if everything goes good , and that &apos;s a big wish , it might be easy .
and luckily , today , there are dozens of companies , and we need hundreds of things , the same way , when their work works , funding for their pilots , it can be done .
and it would be the best if it &apos;s going to create several , because then you could use a mixture .
anyway , we need a solution .
what is the big possible breakthroughs , is that the biggest thing you know ?
nt : a key one is the most important thing .
it would have been without the oil crisis , but it &apos;s still so much more important .
in the nuclear sector there are other innovative companies .
you know , we don &apos;t know their work as well as these , but there &apos;s the modular approach , which is a different approach .
there &apos;s a liquid noise that seems a little bit difficult , but maybe that tells us about that .
and so there &apos;s different , but the beautiful thing is that a million times a lot of energy has a lot of energy like this , say , if you &apos;re able to deal with the problems , and that &apos;s primarily the radiation , the footprint and the cost , the potential , the footprint and the other .
if that doesn &apos;t work , what then ?
do we have to introduce the space to try to keep the stable stable stable ?
if you get in this situation , it &apos;s like if you have too much food , and you &apos;re just hearing a heart attack . what do you do ? you need a little bit of a paper or something like that .
there &apos;s a design call called the amur falcon that deals with different techniques to decrease the warming , so that we &apos;re going to be 20 or 30 years longer for us .
this is just one pivot .
you hope that we don &apos;t need that .
some people say you shouldn &apos;t work at insurance insurance because it might be fake , so that you &apos;re going to eat it , because you know that one is going to save the rescue system .
i don &apos;t know if it &apos;s smart when you think about the importance of this problem , but there &apos;s a discourse in a lot of ways about whether you should have that , if things are coming faster , or that innovation takes longer than we expect .
lp : did you have one or two sentences for you to convince you ?
nt : well , unfortunately , the skeptics live in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very little .
do you say there are negative effects that have to do with the clouds that make things happen ?
there are very , very few things that you can tell , where there &apos;s a chance in a million .
it &apos;s like this in the same way with aids .
you make the mistakes now , and you pay a lot later .
and so the idea is , now , if you have all kinds of problems to invest in something that you just have later later -- and that comes out that the investment report is not necessarily the worst scenario , and there &apos;s people in the rich world that go to the ipcc , and say , okay , that &apos;s not a drama drama .
the fact is that this uncertainty is worried about us .
but my dream here is that if you can do it economically , and the same time , the skeptics will say , &quot; okay , i &apos;m not sure that it doesn &apos;t make any co2 , i want it to do it , but i &apos;m going to accept it because it &apos;s cheaper than the previous method . &quot;
and that would be their answer to the most serious argument that , if you use all this time and energy to solve the co2 problem , all the other goals that are going on , malaria , so that it &apos;s a dumb waste of resources to invest money , while there are better things that we can do .
nt : well , the actual spending for research -- let &apos;s say the u.s. should spend 10 billion a year than they do today -- that &apos;s not so dramatic .
among other things , they shouldn &apos;t suffer other things .
you get up to big school , and there can be sensible people , if you have something that &apos;s not economic , and trying to fund that . i &apos;m going to do most of this waste .
it &apos;s because , you know , you &apos;re very short at a moment , and i &apos;m just learning the learning curve . i think we should try more things that have the potential to be much more expensive .
if you &apos;re a traffic game that you get , you &apos;re a lot of high control , you can only keep the rich up .
i mean , every one of us here could spend a lot of energy on our energy without changing the lifestyle .
but for the bottom two billion , it &apos;s a disaster .
and herself &apos;s thinking about itself .
now , his new design system is now , &quot; why don &apos;t the research be worth more ? &quot;
it &apos;s still still because of its previous stories , with the most powerful , but he understood that this is a very lonely group , and therefore he &apos;s going to get the right .
and that &apos;s one of the things that i think is appropriate .
the research , it &apos;s just crazy , how little it is .
bill , i think i &apos;m talking about almost all the people here , when i say , i really hope your wish will be true . thank you very much .
rs : thank you .
a few years ago , here at ted , peter dodson wrote a call called &quot; the grandmother . &quot;
the idea is quite simple . it &apos;s got to be the most important structure of the same structure with 20 spaghetti , about a long tape of tape , about a meter thread , making a marshmallow .
the marshmallow must be on top .
and even though it &apos;s really easy , it &apos;s actually really hard because it makes people very fast .
and so i thought that this is an interesting idea , and i &apos;ve turned it into a pool of light .
it was a huge success .
and since i &apos;ve done about 70 workshops in the world , with students , developers and architects , even at the same time in the world , and there &apos;s something that &apos;s profound , and that &apos;s something that &apos;s going to allow you to share a little bit of a little bit of the relationship of collaboration , and i &apos;d like to share some of them with you .
normally , most people begin to orient themselves to the task .
you talk about it , you know , what it &apos;s going to look like , it &apos;s going to be the power of power .
then you invest a little time in planning and organization , and you &apos;re looking at it , and you &apos;re eating spaghetti .
they invest a lot of their time in the most sophisticated structure in the most recent form .
and finally , just before you don &apos;t have time , you take someone out the marshmallow and you put them down on the top , you get a step back and you say , &quot; do you admire your work .
but then , as soon as it happens , this is called &quot; the meme &quot; to a &quot; a &quot; , &quot; because the weight of the waste causes the whole thing to figure out , the whole thing to bend and melt .
there are a bunch of people who have a lot more &quot; more complex &quot; than others , and under the worst are fresh water .
they lie , they cheat , they &apos;re confused , and they really make false shapes .
and of course , there are teams that have a lot more &quot; expensive &quot; s , and under the best are fresh students &apos; market .
and that &apos;s pretty amazing .
as we told peter , they didn &apos;t just tell them the highest towers , but they were also the most interesting structures of all .
what you might be asking is : how is that ? why ? what about these ?
and peter said , &quot; no one of the children will spend a lot of time at the head of the spaghetti sauce . &quot;
they don &apos;t invest at time in time .
there &apos;s another reason .
and this is that they were trained to find a proper plan , ok !
and then he recognizes it .
what happens when you put the marshmallow on the top , you don &apos;t have time , and what happens ?
it &apos;s a crisis .
sounds familiar , what ?
what makes a different difference is that they &apos;re starting with the marshmallow and building prototypes , successful prototypes , always with the marshmallow on the top , so they &apos;re able to fix the possibility of fixing prototypes .
now , these are the kinds of collaboration that we have as a core of a design program .
and with every attempt , the kids get directly feedback feedback , and doesn &apos;t .
so , the performance of working with prototypes , a lot -- but let &apos;s see how different teams are working .
the average one for most of the time is about 10 percent , and half of them are starting to do a little bit more , lawyers don &apos;t do much , but not much , they &apos;re better than adults .
who &apos;s the most successful ?
architects and engineers , luckily .
foot is the highest thing i &apos;ve seen .
and why ? because they understand triangles and geometric geometric patterns are the key to build stable structures .
ceos are a little bit about average , but it &apos;s going to be interesting .
if you have an an administrator in an team , you &apos;re going to make significant difference .
it &apos;s incredible . you see around and see &quot; this team will win . &quot;
you can predict the question . why is that ?
because they have special skills of the brain industry .
you lead the process , you understand it .
and the team that drops and on the work will be significantly better in the performance of the team .
specialized skills and educational skills and their dynamics lead to success .
if you have 10 teams that are typical , they get about six , which have robust structures .
so i tried something interesting .
i thought we were going to take the second one .
so i offered a $ expensive prize for software for the winner .
what do you think happened to these phenotypes ?
what was the result ?
this happened . not a team had a stable structure .
if anybody had built a high construction built , he would have spent the price home .
so isn &apos;t it interesting that high pressure has a strong effect ?
we did this exercise with the same students .
what do she think happened ?
now they understood the benefits of the prototyping .
so it was made of the same , bad team of one under the best .
they &apos;re produced the highest construction in the most time .
so , there are kinds of lessons from us , about nature and success .
you might ask : why would someone actually get time to create a design system ?
the reason is , i &apos;m going to create digital tools and processes to help teams make cars , video games , video games .
and what happens is that they &apos;re able to identify the hidden assumptions that they do .
because frankly , every project has his own marshmallow .
the challenge offers a shared experience , a common language , or utopia , to build the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this very simple exercise .
and those of you who are interested , can be able to go back .
it &apos;s a blog where you see how to build the air lanes .
there &apos;s a conveyor there .
you find crazy examples of all the world how people optimize the system and the educational system .
there &apos;s also revelations .
and the lesson lesson , i think , is actually a sport sport .
it requires that all of our senses are focused on the challenge , and that we use our way to use our habits , like our emotions and our problems , in the challenge that we &apos;re facing .
and sometimes a small prototype of this experience is all what it takes to give us from a &quot; a &quot; &quot; a &quot; &quot; moment &quot; moment .
and that can make a big difference .
thank you .
we &apos;re going to do this as a machine here .
a big machine , a cool machine , a machine machine , and this is a machine machine .
and everyone in this room has to be in .
and you can go to the past , you can go into the future ; you can &apos;t stay in here and now .
and i wonder what they would choose , because i &apos;ve often asked my talk lately , and they wanted to go all the way into the past .
i don &apos;t know . they wanted to go back to the before before there were cars or twitter or &quot; american idol idol idol . &quot;
i don &apos;t know .
i &apos;m convinced that you &apos;re kind of drawn to the mold , i &apos;m drawn to it .
and i understand .
i &apos;m not part of this group , i have to say .
i don &apos;t want to go into the past , and not because i &apos;m an explorer .
it &apos;s because people don &apos;t go back to this planet , they go forward .
so i want to go into this machine , and i want to go into the future .
this is the greatest time that we have on the planet , no matter what scale it is : health , wealth , mobility , opportunities , declining transportation .
there were never a time like this .
my main parents died all when they were 60 .
my grandparents focused on this number .
my parents are the 80 to the top of the country .
so there should be better at nine o &apos;clock at the beginning of my family .
but it &apos;s not even like people like us , because this is a bigger thing than that .
a child that is born in new delhi today is living as long as the richest man in the world 100 years ago .
think about it . this is an incredible fact .
and why is that ?
smallpox . smallpox had killed billions of people on this planet .
they &apos;ve formed the demographics from the earth in a way , like there &apos;s no war ever done .
they &apos;re gone . they &apos;re gone .
we &apos;ve got them dancing . pop .
now , in the rich world there are diseases that millions of people have previously been threatened by a generation , hardly yet .
ooh , ooh , recyclable ...
does anyone know what this is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , that &apos;s successes of the scientific method .
and from my view , the scientific method of looking at things is to see if it works , it doesn &apos;t change if it doesn &apos;t do it , one of the greatest achievements of humanity .
so that &apos;s the good news .
unfortunately , it &apos;s all the good news , because there are some other problems , and they &apos;ve been often mentioned .
and one of them is that despite all our achievements , a billion people on the world are going to bed hungry every day in this world .
this number goes up , and it goes very fast , and that &apos;s embarrassing .
and not only that , we &apos;ve used our imagination to blow this world seriously .
drinking water , water land , rainforests , gas , gas -- they disappear , and they &apos;re soon , and if we don &apos;t move out of that chaos , we also disappear .
so the question is : can we do that ? i think .
i think it &apos;s clear that we can produce food that &apos;s going to feed billions of people without the land that they live to rape .
i think we can power this world with energy that doesn &apos;t hurt them at the same time .
i really believe that , and no , that &apos;s not a rocket designer .
but this one &apos;s going to wake me up at night -- one of the things that are awake me at night . we &apos;ve never had the progress that we &apos;ve ever been doing as well .
and we &apos;ve never been able to make it reasonable in the way that we can do it today .
we &apos;re at the threshold of amazing amazing amazing events in many areas , and yet i really think that we have to go back to 100 years 300 years ago , to find a time where we have progress in progress that we have more than a moment , which is more than a moment .
people behave in their faith , so that they can &apos;t free them .
not even the truth is going to free it .
and listen , everybody has a right to think about it , even a fairly important thing to think about .
but you know what you don &apos;t have right ?
they don &apos;t have a right answer to their own facts . they don &apos;t have them .
and i took a while to figure that out .
about a decade ago , i wrote an article about vaccine for &quot; the new yorker , &quot; a little article .
and i was amazed to get into resistance , against resistance , which is at the end of the most effective activity in the health care history of humanity .
i didn &apos;t know what to do , so i just did whatever i did , i wrote an article and went on .
and soon after that , i wrote a paper about genetically modified food .
the same thing , only bigger .
people were crazy .
and so i wrote a paper about it , and i couldn &apos;t understand why people thought that it was &quot; whoa , &quot; why they believed that molecules were in a particular rather specific place , a little bit of an area of nature .
but you know , i do what i do . i wrote the article , i went on .
i mean , i &apos;m a journalist .
we type , we &apos;re going to make it , we &apos;re eating food , that &apos;s okay .
but this article made me worry , and i couldn &apos;t figure out why , and eventually i found it .
and that &apos;s because these fanatics who made me crazy were actually not fanatics .
these were well-meaning people , educated people , decent people .
they were just like the people in this room .
and this blew me up .
but then i thought , you know what , we &apos;re honest .
we &apos;re at a point where we don &apos;t have the same relation to progress as we used to .
we talk about it .
we talk ironic , with little quotes that says , &quot; progress . &quot;
okay , so there &apos;s reasons , and i think we know what the reasons are .
we have the trust in institutions , in authority , and sometimes the science is lost , and there &apos;s no reason why it should not be .
you can just call some names , and people will understand .
chernobyl , swine soldiers , the main minister , mass destruction , weapons of mass destruction , the 2000 2000 2000 .
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
there are questions and problems with the people that we thought they were always right . so they &apos;re skeptical .
ask questions , ask the evidence , demand evidence .
don &apos;t take anything for granted .
but now , when you get the evidence , you have to take this evidence , and we &apos;re not good at that .
and i can say that from the reason that we now live in an epidemic of fear , as i &apos;ve never seen before , and hopefully i &apos;ll never see again .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story , which was the world who was struggling with the measles , and the vaccine , and the vaccine that had been brought together .
very scary .
many studies were done to see if that was true .
many studies should be done ; this is a serious business .
the data came in .
the data came in from the united states , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection , no one .
it doesn &apos;t make a difference . it doesn &apos;t make a difference because we think of anecdotes , we believe what we see what we see , what causes us to feel that we &apos;re really feeling .
we don &apos;t believe in a bunch of documents that have data , and i understand that , and i understand that , i think we all do .
but you know what ?
the result was that devastating .
devastating because of this fact : the united states is one of the only countries in the world where the hunger maintenance workers go .
that &apos;s intentional , and we should be ashamed .
it &apos;s awful .
what happened is we could do that .
well i understand that . i do .
because does anybody have t.b. ?
did one single person in the audience ever die of measles ?
not very often happens .
happens in this country at all , but 160,000 times around the world last year .
that &apos;s a lot of deaths by measles , 20 per hour .
but because that hasn &apos;t happened here , we can be in denial , and people like jenny can come around and talk about fear and illiteracy around platforms like oprah and larry king live 30 / 11 .
and they can do that because they don &apos;t connect and cause cause .
they don &apos;t understand that these things seem to be the same , but almost never the same thing .
and that &apos;s something we need to learn , and very quickly .
this guy was a hero , jonas hunter .
he &apos;s given us from one of the worst humanity humanity of humanity .
no fear , no sacred , gray , rock , disappeared .
the guy in the middle is not so much .
he &apos;s called paul paul .
he &apos;s developed a military approach with a couple of other people .
he can save the lives of 10 , 500,000 children a year in the developing world .
pretty good , isn &apos;t it ?
now , that &apos;s good , except that paul &apos;s running and talking about vaccines , and says , how valuable you are , and people just stop to moan about it .
and he actually says that .
so paul is a terrorist .
when paul speaks to a public health system , he can &apos;t talk without the armed mobs .
he gets phone calls , because people like to tell him that they know where his children go to school .
and why ? because paul did a vaccine .
i don &apos;t need to say that , but vaccines are essential .
take them away , return the diseases , terrible diseases , and this is happening .
we have measles now in this country .
and that gets worse , and pretty soon , children are going to die again , because that &apos;s just one question of numbers .
and they &apos;re not only dying of measles .
what about wet adhesion ? do we take that . why not ?
a couple of weeks ago , i wrote a couple of weeks ago , and i told you i &apos;m a little bit skeptical .
nobody has ever said that before .
she wouldn &apos;t vaccinate their child . they didn &apos;t fall .
fine .
why ? because we don &apos;t have a coffee station , and do you know what ?
we had no idea in this country yesterday .
today , i don &apos;t know , maybe , in every morning , there &apos;s an airplane in lagos , a plane , and it &apos;s going to los angeles , at the moment , he &apos;s in ohio .
and in a couple of hours , he &apos;s going to go and pour a car , and it goes up to long beach , and he will come one of these most lovely balls tonight .
and he doesn &apos;t know that he &apos;s infected with a partial disease , and we don &apos;t know that , because the world is going to work .
this is the planet we live in . don &apos;t do it as if it &apos;s not .
we love it to lie into lies . we love that .
did you take all the vitamins in this morning ?
yeah , a little bit of a game that helps you to join it .
i know they did that because half the americans make it every day .
they take the stuff , and they take alternative cure , and it doesn &apos;t make a difference , how often do we find that they &apos;re useless ?
the data shows you all the time .
they live in their urine as much as they do . they never do it .
that &apos;s okay , you want to pay 28 billion dollars for dark urine .
i just agree with them .
dark urine , dark .
why do we do that ? why do we do that ?
well , i think i understand -- we hate the drug industry .
we hate a strong government . we don &apos;t have trust in the system .
and we shouldn &apos;t do that . our healthcare system is bad .
it &apos;s cruel to millions of people .
it &apos;s absolutely amazing and refreshing itself to us that can afford it .
so we &apos;re going to go away , and where are we running ?
we are running into the poor of the world &apos;s hands .
that &apos;s great . i love the cheese seat .
but you know , it &apos;s really a serious business , because stuff is crap , and we &apos;re spending billions of dollars for it .
and i &apos;ve done all kinds of little props here .
none of them -- whoa , cheating , whoa , aah , i don &apos;t even know what this is , but we &apos;re spending billions of dollars for it , it &apos;s cheating .
and you know what ? when i say that , i scream up the people and say , &quot; what do you care about ? let people do what they want .
that &apos;s how they feel good . &quot;
and you know what ? they &apos;re wrong .
because it doesn &apos;t matter to me whether it &apos;s the smartest thing that says , &quot; hmm , i &apos;m not going to accept the evidence of my experts , &quot; or some of the people who want to treat his patient with patients .
if you go to this path where belief and magic and science , they get to a place where they don &apos;t want to be .
they get to the south rains of south africa in south africa .
he brought 400,000 400,000 people around , because he insisted that red red machines , more and more complex , are more effective than antiretroviral drugs that we know that they can decrease with the course of aids .
hundreds of thousands of thousands of thousands of deaths in a country that gets worse than any other disease from this disease .
don &apos;t tell me that these things don &apos;t have consequences .
they have them . they always have them .
now , the most devastating epidemic that we &apos;re looking at is this ridiculous fight between the genetically engineered foods and the food system .
this is a utilitarian debate . it has to stop .
it &apos;s a debate about words , about metaphors .
this is ideology , not science .
everything that we eat , every food store , every branch of each other , all of a sudden , was changed by the people .
you know , there was no flaw in paradise .
there were no silver bullet .
there was no silver bullet . we did that all the time .
we did it in the last 11,000 years .
and some of it worked , and some of them worked .
we got rid of what didn &apos;t work .
now we can make it closer , and of course there are risks , but we can do something like vitamin a in rice , and that stuff can help millions of people to extend millions of people to their lives .
don &apos;t you want to do that ?
i have to say , i don &apos;t understand .
we reject genetically engineered food .
why do we do that ?
now , what i &apos;m listening to you is : too many chemicals , pesticides , hormones , climate change , we don &apos;t want to have huge fields with one thing , which is wrong .
we don &apos;t want companies to buy life .
we don &apos;t want companies to have seeds .
and you know what my answer to all this is ?
yes , they &apos;re right . fix that .
it &apos;s true , we have a huge amount of power , but that &apos;s not science .
it doesn &apos;t have to do with science .
it &apos;s right , morality , unquote .
you know that science is not a company .
it &apos;s not a country .
it &apos;s not even an idea ; it &apos;s a process .
it &apos;s a process , and sometimes it works and sometimes not , but the idea that we should not allow science to do their work because we fear fear is a real end , and it kills millions of people from flourishing .
you know , in the next 50 years , we &apos;re going to have to grow 70 percent more food than currently . 70 percent .
this investment in africa in the last 30 years .
embarrassing . shame .
you need that , and we don &apos;t give them .
and why ? genetically transformed food .
and we don &apos;t want to encourage people to eat this little stuff , like the cassava ones .
the name is something that half half a billion people eat .
it &apos;s kind of like a potato .
it &apos;s just a ton of calories . it &apos;s mies .
it doesn &apos;t have nutrients ; it doesn &apos;t have any protein , and scientists are building all this .
and then people could eat it , and they would not be blind .
you wouldn &apos;t win , and you know what ?
that would be nice . it wouldn &apos;t be a rock designer , but it would be nice .
and all i can say is : why do we fight this ?
i mean , ask us : why are we fighting this ?
because we don &apos;t want to have genes ?
it &apos;s not about gene genes . it &apos;s not about chemicals .
it &apos;s not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our depend on greater food , better food , unique food .
this isn &apos;t rice rice , it &apos;s about getting people alive , and it &apos;s time to understand what that means .
because you know what ?
if we don &apos;t do that , if we &apos;re going to do that as far as we do , i think we might be guilty about what we think is not supposed to be guilty , high-tech colonialism .
there &apos;s no other description for what &apos;s going on here .
it &apos;s selfish ; it &apos;s ugly , it &apos;s not worthy of our lives , and we really need to stop it .
so after this incredibly funny conversation , you might like to say , &quot; are you still going to go back to this ridiculous machine and go into the future ? &quot;
all right . that &apos;s what i want to do .
at the moment , they &apos;re in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can take this time machine on everything we want .
we can tell them where we want them to go , and we will move them where we want .
we need to have these conversations , and we need to think , but if we go into time time and go into the future , we &apos;ll be happy to do that .
i know we can do it , and as far as i &apos;m concerned , this is what the world needs now .
thank you .
thank you .
and for some time , i &apos;m interested in the design model , and it seems strange , a magician magician are interested in it , because they &apos;re looking like me , as a deception that &apos;s going to be a little bit alive , if you just believe enough enough . &quot;
in other words , in a few studies , there &apos;s an measurable effect in the studies , and it &apos;s just because that &apos;s because the person thinks about what &apos;s going on , or a family or a kind of -- in the case , for example , when the patient only exists enough enough to believe that it &apos;s a measurable effect in the body .
a deception becomes a real thing , because someone likes to perceive it .
so to understand each other , i want to show you a very simple , very simple trick trick .
and i &apos;m going to show you how it works . this is a trick that &apos;s at least the 1950s in every month for children .
i &apos;ve been able to learn him from the master &apos;s magic magic theater in the 1970s .
i &apos;m going to do it for you and explain it .
and then i &apos;ll explain why i explain him .
so , see what happens .
the knife you can study , my hand you can study .
i &apos;m going to keep the knife just in my hand .
i push my sleeve back .
and to make sure that nothing in my sleeve disappears , and out of it , i &apos;m just going to take my wrist right here .
in the way , you can see that no one &apos;s going to move anything . so , as i get here , there can &apos;t be anything in my sleeve or get out of my sleeve .
and the goal is really simple .
i &apos;m going to open up my hand , and hopefully if everything is fine , the knife will ring through my bare physical magnetism .
it &apos;s actually sitting in the place that i can shake it , without the fact that you hit the knife .
nothing goes into my sleeve or comes out , doesn &apos;t go out , and you can study everything .
yay !
now , this is a trick that i often enjoy little kids who are interested in magic , because you can learn a lot about deception when you look closer , even though it &apos;s a very simple trick .
probably many of you in this room know this trick .
it works like this .
i hold the knife in my hand .
i say i &apos;m going to take my wrist to make sure that nothing in my sleeve disappears , and it &apos;s a lie .
the reason why i turn my wrist is that it &apos;s the real secret of illusion .
in the moment , where i put my hand out of them , you can see it from the back , this finger here , my favorite , just from where it was , in a position where it was so extended .
amazing trick ?
there &apos;s somebody who &apos;s no childhood in the back .
well there it is . right .
and when i move out , the finger changes its position .
and now you might talk about why this is a deception , why you don &apos;t see that there are only three fingers in the bottom here , because the mind and the way it works information is not just counting , one , two , three , but it &apos;s a group .
but this isn &apos;t really here , now , and then i open my hand .
of course , it will break there , but not through the magnetism of my body , but through a trick , through my favorite system , which is now there .
and when i close my hand , the same thing i &apos;m going to do is by hiding through this movement , that the finger is falling back .
i take that hand away . and here &apos;s the knife .
that trick can show you your friends and neighbors . thank you .
now , what does this have to do with the purchasing ?
a year or a year , i read a study that really blew my mind .
i &apos;m not a doctor or a scientist , and that &apos;s why i was an amazing thing .
and what it turns out is that if you offer a placebo pill in the form of a white pill , the shape of a brain system , it &apos;s just a round of , a pill that has a certain measurable effect .
but if you &apos;re the shape that they call against placebo , for example , to change a smaller pill , and see this blue , and actually form a letter to it , it &apos;s actually measurable efficiently .
and that , even though none of these things are -- they &apos;re just not .
but a white pill is not as good as a blue pill .
which ? what really made me feel .
but it turns out it &apos;s not all .
when you take capsules that are more effective than pills and every single form .
a colored capsule , which is at a end of yellow and the other red , is better than a white capsule .
and the dosage also plays a role .
a pill twice a day is not as good as three pills -- i can &apos;t remember the exact statistics . i &apos;m sorry .
but the key thing is ...
... the other thing is the role of playing a role .
and the shape plays a role .
and if you want to have the ultimate predictor , you have to grab on the needle .
right ? a syringe with a two-wheeler -- a couple of pieces of a bit of a complicated substance that you injected into a patient .
this creates a very strong picture in the head . it &apos;s a lot more than a white pill .
this graph is really -- i &apos;m going to show you another time , if we have an projector on it .
so the fact is that the white pill doesn &apos;t work as well as the blue pill that doesn &apos;t work as well as a capsule that doesn &apos;t seem as good as the capsule .
and none of it has a really important property . it &apos;s just our belief that we &apos;re going to make a stronger impact .
i wanted to know if i could use this idea for a magic trick .
i &apos;m going to take something that &apos;s obviously a deception , and let &apos;s look at it real .
we know from this study that you have to reach on the needle if it &apos;s going to go .
this is a 18 inches long . it &apos;s very , very affectionate . and i &apos;m going to get them a little bit like this .
this is really my meat . it &apos;s not the special special meat meat .
this is my skin . it &apos;s not a special pattern of hollywood .
i &apos;m going to stick this needle into my skin and go through it until you put it up on the other side .
if you &apos;re getting rid of it -- if you get away from it -- i put a couple of friends last night in the hotel room , and some people i didn &apos;t know , and that a woman has become quite powerless .
so i &apos;m going to propose that if you get very miserable , you &apos;ll look at the next 30 seconds , or , you know what i &apos;m going to do for the first configuration in the back .
you can see it in the same way , but you can also see if you want .
so it &apos;s like this , right here where my meat starts , at the bottom of my arm , i &apos;m just going to make a little bit of a balloon .
i &apos;m really sorry . does it crazy ?
and just take a little bit through my skin and on the other side and so forth .
now we &apos;re actually in the same situation that we had at the same time .
about .
but now , can &apos;t count my fingers , right ?
so , i &apos;ll show you . that &apos;s one , two , three , four , five .
well , yeah .
i know what people think when you see this .
they say , &quot; okay , that &apos;s not so stupid , and i think it &apos;s just the kind of dumb , &quot; just to give us a few minutes . &quot;
well , then i &apos;ll show you .
what does this look like ? pretty good .
yeah , i know .
and people say , &quot; okay . i didn &apos;t see that right now . &quot;
so the people in the middle line are coming in .
let me show you a little closer .
this is really my skin . it &apos;s not a special pattern of hollywood .
that &apos;s my meat , and i can do that .
i &apos;m sorry . if you &apos;re evil , look away , look at it .
the people in the back or the ones that are going to see a little bit later in video , say , &quot; well , it looks pretty impressive , but if it was real , it &apos;s going to see a hole and there , if it really was real , it would bleed . &quot;
okay , let me give you a little blood for you .
yes there it is .
i normally would take the needle right now .
i would clean my arm and show you that there are no wounds .
but i think in this frame here , with the purpose of making a real problem , i &apos;m just going to put the needle in there and go from the stage .
we &apos;re going to meet a few times in the next few days .
i hope you &apos;re waiting for it . thank you very much .
everybody &apos;s talking about happiness today .
i &apos;ve got a couple of people to count the number of books that &quot; happiness &quot; in the title five years have been published , and they gave them about 40 to , and there &apos;s been much more .
there &apos;s a tremendous wave of interest in happiness for researchers .
there &apos;s a lot of fuss about .
everybody would like to make people happier .
but despite all of this tide of work , there are several cognitive deaths that are kind of impossible to think about happiness .
and my talk today is mostly about this cognitive fall .
it &apos;s true for the people who are thinking about their own happiness , and it &apos;s true for scientists who think about happiness , because it turns out that we &apos;re just as mess as everybody else .
the first one of these heads is to prevent a complexity , complexity .
it turns out that the word happiness is simply not a useful word , because we apply it to too many different things .
i think there &apos;s a certain meaning that we can just capture it , but in large , and that &apos;s what we need to give up , and we &apos;re going to have to think the complicated perspective of what well-being is .
the second case is the experience of experience and memory : basically , it &apos;s going to be between happy in his life and happy to live on his life or happy with his life .
and these are two very different concepts , and they &apos;re both more excited in the notion of happiness .
and the third is the most important , and that &apos;s the unhappy fact that we can &apos;t think about a situation that affects the well-being without understanding its meaning .
i mean , this is a real cognitive trap .
there &apos;s just no way to get it right .
now , i &apos;d like to start with one example of someone who had a student , after one of my lectures , which was a story , and he said he would have heard a symphony , and it was absolutely beautiful music , and at the end of the recording , it was a bright aggressive sound .
and then he added it , really quite emotional , that changed the entire experience .
but it didn &apos;t .
what it ruins was the memories of the experience .
he had the experience .
he had 20 minutes of music music .
they didn &apos;t count because he was with a memory , memory was ruined , and the memory was all that he had to keep on .
what really tells us that we can think about ourselves and other people in the sense of two types of self .
there &apos;s an inherent self that lives in the present and the presence of the presence , capable of experiencing the past again , but basically just the present .
it &apos;s the notion of self that &apos;s doctor &apos;s doctor -- you know if the doctor says , &quot; does it hurt if i put it here ? &quot;
and then there &apos;s a self self itself , and the self self itself is that that &apos;s going to lift the story and the history of our life , and it &apos;s the one that makes the doctor a question by saying , &quot; how have you felt in the last time ? &quot;
or &quot; how did your journey go to albania ? &quot; or something like that .
these are two very different units , the self self itself , and the smartest self , and the two of them , is the part of the happiness of the happiness of happiness .
well , the self self itself is a storyteller .
and this really starts with a basic reaction on our memories -- it starts immediately .
we don &apos;t just tell stories about when we &apos;re telling us to tell stories .
our memory tells us stories , which means what we can keep from our experience is a story .
and let &apos;s start with one example .
there &apos;s an old study .
these are real patients doing a painful procedure .
i won &apos;t go into the details . it &apos;s not painful , today , but she was painful , when this study was done in the 1990s .
they were asked to report every 30 seconds about their pain .
and here are two patients . these are their records .
and they &apos;re going to ask , &quot; who from the two have suffered more ? &quot;
and that &apos;s a very simple question .
patient b has gotten more of the time . his family had been longer , and every minute of pain , the patient had a b b , and more .
but now there &apos;s another question : &quot; how much did these patients think that they suffered ? &quot;
and here &apos;s a surprise .
and the surprise is that patient had a much worse success on the patient than the patient b.
the stories of the torah were different , and because a very critical part of the story is , how it ends .
and none of these stories are very selfish or great -- but one of them is clear ...
but one of them is far worse than the other one .
and the fact that was worse is where the pain was at the end of his peak , and it &apos;s a bad story .
how do we know that ?
because we asked these people to their facial trial , and also a lot later , &quot; how bad was the whole thing in total ? &quot;
and she was much worse for a than for b b .
now , this is a direct conflict between the self self itself and the self itself itself .
from the point of view itself , b has clearly a worse time .
well , what you could do with patients , and we actually did clinical experiments , and it &apos;s been done , and it works , you could actually actually use the patient &apos;s patient &apos;s gas by just getting the tube in order without getting too much to him .
this is going to lead that the patient is suffering , but just a little bit less than before .
and if you do that for a couple of minutes , the power of self is a bad worse , and you &apos;ve done that the patient &apos;s self itself is a much better than that , because now patients have a better story about his experience .
what does a story look like ?
and that &apos;s true for the stories that memory us and it also applies to the stories that we invent .
so what a story of creativity has to do is innovate and significant moments and end .
end is very , very important and in this case , the end of the end .
well , the most rational self lives are continuing to live .
it has moments of time , one after another .
and you ask : what happens to these moments ?
and the answer is really simple . they &apos;re always lost .
i mean most of our moments of life -- and i &apos;ve done this -- you know , the psychological present is than about three seconds long , which means , you know , there &apos;s about 600 million of them in a life , and a few of them don &apos;t leave out of 600,000 .
most of them are completely ignored by the notion of self .
and yet , somehow you get the impression that you &apos;re going to count that , during these moments of view , our lives are happening .
it &apos;s the limited resource that we consume while we are in this world .
and as we use them , it would be important , but that &apos;s not the story that keeps the self itself forever .
so we have the self self itself , and the self itself itself , and they &apos;re really quite different .
the biggest difference between them is about time .
if you have a holiday , even if you have a holiday , and the second week is just as good as the first time , the vacation vacation is twice as much as the holiday vacation .
that &apos;s not how it works at all .
now , for the self self , a vacation vacation is barely better than the holiday holidays , because there &apos;s no new memories going on .
they didn &apos;t change the story .
and in this way , at the time , the critical variable that is a different difference from a different self itself is a very different self . it has very much influence on this story .
well , the behavioral self itself is more to remember than remember and telling stories .
it &apos;s actually the one that makes decisions , because if you have a patient , that &apos;s what we say two two employees in two different surgeons and decides what to choose , and that &apos;s the surgeon who takes the memory that is less bad , and that &apos;s the surgeon that will be selected .
the self itself has no voice in that choice .
in fact , we don &apos;t choose between experiences . we choose between memories of experiences .
and even if we think about the future , we don &apos;t think of our future as a experiences .
we think about our future as a memories of memories .
and basically , you can look at this , you know , as an tyranny of the self , and you can think of the self self itself as one of these , which is kind of the basic self itself in the process of experiences that don &apos;t need the self itself .
i have the impression that if we &apos;re a holiday on a lot of the time , that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing on holiday on mostly in the services of the government .
and that &apos;s a little hard to justify , i think .
i mean , how much do we get from our memories ?
that &apos;s one of the explanations that &apos;s given to the dominance of the self itself itself .
and when i think about it , i think about a holiday that we did a couple of years ago in antarctica , which is clearly the best holiday i &apos;ve ever had , and i think rather often about the relationship of how much i think in other ways .
and i probably have about my memories on this epic journey , and i would say about 25 minutes in the last four years .
now , if i had ever opened the button with the 600 pictures of this , i would have another one hour .
now , these are three weeks , and that &apos;s just a half hours and a half hours .
there seems to be a disagreement .
now , i like to be a little extreme , you know , how little appetite i have to have on your own memories of memories , but even if you get more of it , there &apos;s a real question . why do we give memories so much weight in the weight of the weight that we have experienced ?
so i want you to think about a thought experiment .
imagine your next holiday , you know , at the end of the stream , all of these images are wiped out , and you get a drug drug , so you &apos;re not going to remember anything .
now , would you choose the same vacation ?
and if you would have a other holiday , there &apos;s a conflict between your two types of self , and you have to think about how you decide that conflict , and that &apos;s really not obvious , because if you think about time , you get an answer . and if you think about memories .
why we choose the key ones that we choose to have a problem that gives us a choice between the two types of self .
well , the two types of self are going to take two words from happiness .
there are actually two concepts of happiness that we can apply , one per self .
so you can ask : how happy is the self self itself ?
and then you would ask : how happy are the moments in the life of the self ?
and they &apos;re all -- happiness for moments is a pretty complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , by the way , we &apos;re able to get a pretty good idea of happiness in the world &apos;s happiness .
if you ask yourself the happiness of the self yourself , it &apos;s a very different thing .
that &apos;s not how happy a person lives .
it &apos;s about how happy or pleased the person is , when this person thinks about your life .
very different term .
each of those who don &apos;t make these terms is going to keep the progress of happiness , and i &apos;m part of a bunch of researchers about well-being that we &apos;ve been exploring all of these things in the same time .
the distinction between the happiness of the self itself , and the happiness of the self itself itself has been recognized in the last few years , and now you &apos;re trying to measure the two pieces of production .
the gallup organization has a worldwide survey where more than half a million people have been asked about what they think about their lives and about their experiences . and there were other efforts in the direction .
so in the last few years , we &apos;ve started to learn about the happiness of the two types of self .
and the main lesson that we think i &apos;ve learned is that they are really different .
you can know how happy somebody is with his life , and that doesn &apos;t really tell you a lot about how happy it lives to live , and vice versa .
just to give you a sense of correlation in the context , the correlation is about something like that .
what that means is that if you would meet somebody , and you would tell you , oh , his father is a military , how much would you know about his size ?
now , you would know something about his size , but there &apos;s a lot of uncertainty .
they have so much uncertainty .
when i tell you that someone is having a life on a scale of 10 seconds , they have a lot of uncertainty about how happy he is with his own self .
so the correlation is low .
we know something about the happiness of happiness .
we know that money is very important , goals are very important .
we know that happiness is mostly meant to be satisfied with people we like to spend time with people we like .
there &apos;s other pleasure , but this is dominant .
so if you want to maximize happiness in the two ways of themselves , you &apos;re going to do very different things at the end .
so the conclusion from what i said here is that we &apos;re not really thinking about happiness as a substitute for well-being .
it &apos;s a completely different term .
now , very quickly , another reason that we can &apos;t really understand about happiness is that we don &apos;t look at the same things we think about life , and when we actually live in life .
so if you ask the simple question , how happy the people in california are not going to get the correct answer .
if you ask that question , you think that the people in california have to be happier than you , say , in ohio .
and what happens is that when you think about the life in california , you think about the difference between california and other places , and that difference , we say , in climate .
well , it turns out that climate is not very important for the self itself itself , and it &apos;s not even very important for the economic self that decides how happy people are .
but now , because the power of self is responsible , you can end up -- some people could go to the end of california .
and it &apos;s kind of interesting to follow , what happens to people who go to california in hope to get happier ?
now , your own self itself will not become happier .
we know that .
but one thing is going to happen . you &apos;ll think they &apos;re happier , because if you think about it , you &apos;re going to remind you about how terrible the weather in ohio was in , and you &apos;re going to feel that they have made the right decision .
it &apos;s very hard to think about well-being , and i hope i &apos;ve given you a sense of how hard it is .
thank you .
thank you . i have a question for you .
thank you .
now , a few weeks ago , when i showed you a couple of weeks ago , i showed you that there was a pretty interesting result that came out of this gallup survey .
is that something you can do with us , because you have a couple of minutes left ?
daniel libeskind : sure .
i think the most interesting result that we found in the gallup survey is a number that we didn &apos;t expect to find .
we found this in terms of the happiness of the self itself .
when we looked at how emotions relate to income .
and it turns out that under a dollar of 60,000 dollars a year , for americans , and that &apos;s a very large sample of americans , about 600,000 , but it &apos;s a big representative sample under a dollar of 600,000 dollars in the year .
60,000 .
audience : 60,000 .
60,000 dollars in the year are people who are unhappy , and they become more happy , the poorer they get .
this is where we get an absolutely flat line .
i mean , i rarely saw so much lines .
what happens is obviously that money doesn &apos;t give you a rescue station , but that lack of money in the safety of the cows , and we can really do this misery , very clearly .
in the sense of other self , the self self itself , you get another story .
the more money you deserve is happier .
that &apos;s not for emotions .
but danny , in all the american efforts , is about life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if people would take this serious seriously , i mean , it seems to look all the way into the head , everything that we think , for example , in terms of scale and so on .
is there a chance that politicians say that the country would predict a little bit like this seriously , and based on politics ?
sh : you know , i think that there &apos;s an interest for the role of finance in politics .
the recognition is going to be slowly in the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom , it &apos;s happening , and in other countries , it &apos;s happening .
people are able to realize that you should think about happiness if you think about politics .
it &apos;s going to take a while , and people are going to discuss whether they want to try to explore whether or not they want to study , but so we have to get this discussion pretty soon .
how you can improve happiness is very different depending on how you think and whether you think about the self yourself or whether you think about the yourself self .
that will affect politics , i think , in the next few years .
in the united states , you &apos;re looking at measuring the population of the population .
that will be , i think , in the next one or two decades of part of the national statistic .
well , it seems to me to be this subject , or should be at least the most interesting political debate for the next few years .
thank you for the invention of behavioral economics .
thank you , danny spielberg .
i am jane mcgonigal . i &apos;m designing computer games .
i &apos;ve been developing now for 10 years now , and my goal for the next decade is to make it as easy to save the world in reality , how to save in the middle of the world .
i have a plan for that . i want to convince more people , including all of you , more time playing with the bigger and greater games .
right now we spend three billion hours a week with video games .
some of you might think , &quot; this is a lot of time for games . &quot;
maybe a lot of time , if you think about how many problems we have in the real world , we have a lot of time to solve .
but actually , in my research at the institute of the future , exactly the opposite is true .
three billion hours a week are not nearly enough to solve the most successful problems of the world .
in fact , i believe that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to increase dramatically .
i &apos;ve calculated that the time time for 21 billion hours is just a week per week .
this may be a little bit easier to say , so again , this is what we can do : if we look at problems like hunger , poverty , climate change , global conflict and obesity , i think we need to try to play games online at least 21 billion hours a week .
no , i &apos;m really serious .
why ? this picture is pretty precisely why i think games are so critical for survival of the human species in the future . seriously .
this is a tudor portrait named photographer phil .
he wanted to capture the feelings of play . so he was using a camera by the players .
this is one of the classical expressions of play .
if you &apos;re not a player , you may be some of the nuances of this picture .
you probably see this sense of urgency , a fear of , but also really concentration , really challenging the problem of a really difficult problem .
if you play , you see some nuances here here , which are up to the top of the eyes , and the mouth are a sign of optimism . the eyebrows show surprise .
this is a player who &apos;s based on the edge of a call called a crane .
oh , you know that . ok . great . so we have some players here .
a victory victory is a result that &apos;s so incredibly positive that they didn &apos;t know that it was possible at all .
it was almost beyond the imagination .
and when they reach it , they &apos;re shocked that they actually can do something like this . this is an intentional victory .
this player is a short victory for a victory victory .
and this is what we have to see on millions of faces from the world in the world , if we &apos;re going to take the barriers in the next century , the face of the people who are waiting on the edge of a hill .
well , unfortunately , we &apos;re actually seeing this face in real life when we have hard problems .
i call it as the &quot; living &quot; in bad life , and it &apos;s actually my face , right ? and it &apos;s actually my face , right ? ok .
that &apos;s me , i think , in life , i &apos;m doing bad .
this is a graffiti in my former home in berkeley , california , where i studied in my coma , why we &apos;re better in play better than in real life .
this is a problem that many players have .
we think we &apos;re not as good as in play .
and i don &apos;t just have a lot of success , even though it &apos;s written .
and we get more in trouble , and i &apos;m doing a good relationship with motivation to do something like this , inspired by collaboration .
when we &apos;re in a media zone , i think that many of us are able to turn into our best version , anytime , and immediately helpful to try to solve the problem , as long as it takes you to go back to the ted test .
and in reality , when we fail , when we get into obstacles , we often feel different .
we feel overwhelmed . we feel guilty . we feel guilty , maybe depressed , frustrated or sweet .
we don &apos;t have these feelings when we play games , you play it in games .
and that &apos;s what i wanted to study as a student student .
why is it possible in games to think that you could not just do anything ?
how can we make these feelings glow with reality ?
so i looked at games like the world of warcraft , which offers the ideal environment for collaborative solving problem .
and i noticed some things that the epic bias will be in the same way .
so , first of all , if you go into one of these units , especially in world africa , there &apos;s a lot of different characters who are willing to give you a mission of mission , and immediately immediately .
but not just any mission , but a mission that fits perfect to your current level of play , right ?
so they do that .
they never get a job that they can &apos;t solve .
but always on the side of their ability , you have to work . but there &apos;s no unemployment in the world of warcraft .
you don &apos;t sit around , and you &apos;re busy . there &apos;s always very important to do something important .
and there are tons of employees .
where they go , hundreds of thousands of people working with them to finish their epic project .
that &apos;s not what we have in real life , that sense that there &apos;s a lot of employees in front of a pool of employees .
also , this epic story is , this inspiring story , why we are there and what we have to do .
then we get this whole positive feedback .
they have been raised by &quot; level up &quot; and &quot; mission 1 &quot; or &quot; b 1 intelligence . &quot;
that constant feedback doesn &apos;t exist in real life .
when i leave that stage , i don &apos;t have to talk to you + + 1 , and you have a crazy idea , and you can see 20 crazy ideas .
i don &apos;t get this feedback in real life .
so , the problem of the world of the world of warcraft is that it &apos;s so satisfying to stand at any edge on the edge of a hill , that we prefer to spend our entire time in this pool of time .
they &apos;re just better than reality .
until today , all the world &apos;s world has spent tens of millions of years to try to solve the virtual problems of solving problems .
that &apos;s not necessarily something bad .
it sounds nasty .
but to see it in the context , a million million years ago , our first community began to go upright .
so , the first step primate .
ok , so if we talk about how much time we currently play with games , it just makes sense when you think of the time in terms of the scale of human development , which is extraordinary .
but also , because it turns out that , by using all of the time , we &apos;re using it all the time , actually changing what we are as humans .
we &apos;re developing collaborative thinking , very creatures .
that &apos;s the truth . i believe that .
if you look at these interesting statistics recently recently , by an undergraduate of carnegie mellon university , the average young person from today is in a country with intense child spends 10,000 hours with the age of 21 to 21 years .
so , 10,000 hours is a very interesting number , for two reasons .
first of all , for children in the united states , 12 hours of the time that they &apos;re doing in the school of school , from five grade to high school , high school -- if you never miss .
so here we have a complete set of data that young people are learning as well as what it means to be a good player , like anything else they learn in school .
and maybe some of you have heard the new book of malcolm gladwell , &quot; reading , &quot; read .
so you know his theory of success , the theory of success for 10,000 hours .
it &apos;s based on the most recent research of research that , if we spend 10,000 hours with a long-term approach to any 21 degree to the 21 years , we &apos;re also masters of it .
we &apos;re so good at doing whatever it is , the most significant people in the world .
so , what we have here is a whole generation of young people who are more stereotypical .
so the big question is , &quot; what exactly are the players doing ? &quot;
because if we could find that , we would never have been able to have a human potential there .
so many people have now in the world who spend at least one hour per day with sleeping spending .
these are our main ones , 500 million people who are incredibly good in &quot; something . &quot;
and in the next decade , we have another billion players who are incredibly good in whatever .
if you haven &apos;t heard it yet .
the production process is designed to use energy , saving energy and working on work , instead of using the world in the world , especially in india , china , brazil can play online .
you would expect an extra billion player in the next decade .
that &apos;s where we have 1.5 billion players .
so i started to think about what it is to do with these games .
here are the four things i found . first .
ok , think about that as extreme extremes of evolution .
it &apos;s a desire that &apos;s desire to do something to do , to have a hurdle , to believe that we have an opportunity for success .
players always believe that a victory victory is possible , and it &apos;s still worth trying to do it .
players don &apos;t sit around .
players are masters in social spiders , social social nets .
there are a lot of interesting studies that show that we like people more than we &apos;ve played with them , even though they have defeated themselves .
the reason for that is that there &apos;s a lot of trust to play with someone playing a game .
we trust that somebody &apos;s time with us spends that the rules are going to be , that we have the same goal , and we &apos;re going to stay on it .
so this is allowing the rise of tissue to trust , trust and each other .
as a result , we &apos;re building stronger social relationships .
productivity : productivity . fantastic !
you know , there &apos;s a reason why the average unit of congress has 22 hours per week , sort of as a result .
the reason is that when we play , we &apos;re actually happier to work hard , when we relax or nothing .
we know that as human beings work if we do hard , significant work .
and players are always willing to work hard if they get the right task .
and finally , epic meaning .
players love to participate in awe of awe and fidelity of the same thing .
here &apos;s a key line to put that into the right light . you know all the wikipedia , the biggest wiki of the world .
the second largest fan of the world , with 80,000 80,000 megabytes is the world of warcraft .
five million people use it every month .
they &apos;ve collected more information about the world of warcraft on the internet than any other topic in every other wiki of the world .
they create a epic story .
they create a epic source of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
ok , so these are four superpowers who lead to one single result . players are experts , hopeful individuals .
it &apos;s people who believe that they can change the world as a single one .
and the only problem is they think you can change the virtual worlds , but not the real .
that &apos;s the problem i &apos;m trying to solve .
edward edward is a quarterly one .
his work is brilliant . he &apos;s looking at why people spend so much time , energy and money in business shops .
and he says , &quot; we &apos;re not going to see witnesses in a way in an worlds and virtual worlds . &quot;
and that &apos;s an economist . so it &apos;s logical .
and he says ...
not just like me -- i develop games , i &apos;m a little bit skeptical .
so he says that actually makes sense , because player can be able to achieve more than in real life .
they can be driven in play stronger social bonds than real life . they get more feedback and rewards in games than in real life .
so he says , well , it &apos;s perfectly obvious that player is more in the virtual world than in the real world .
i just agree , that &apos;s logical .
but it &apos;s definitely not a matter of governance .
we need to begin to turn the real world into a game .
my inspiration comes from an event , the 2,500 years .
there are these ancient cubes , out of bone worms . you know ?
there was a riot called these fantastic sessions .
and these were sort of the first of the people who were developed .
and if you &apos;re familiar with the old greek geeky state , you may know this story . the story about how and how games games have been invented .
there was games in the game that were built , more effective , in the kingdom of germany , in germany .
there was such a great famine that the king of king came out of a crazy idea .
people suffered . people were fighting .
it was an extreme situation . you needed an extreme solution .
so they invented , according to loud , the air services , and the national strategy , and a day , you &apos;d eat food . the next day you &apos;d play play .
and they would be so excited in the deep section , because games are so fascinating and with us , with productivity , heavy productivity , that they would forget that there was nothing to eat .
and then , the next day you would play . and the next day you would eat .
and according to extinction , they survived so many years for this famine , eating them on a day and playing on the next day .
that &apos;s the way i think we &apos;re playing today .
we &apos;re playing games to escape the suffering of the real world .
we &apos;re playing games to be able to avoid everything that doesn &apos;t work in the real world , which is not a little life in the real life , and we &apos;re going to get us out of play .
but that doesn &apos;t have to be the end .
this is exciting .
according to calculus , 18 years old was not better , so the king decided to last last year .
they shared the kingdom in two days .
they were playing a football machine , and the best was to get to an open adventure .
they went out and they went looking for a new home , and they just got so many people back there , and they were able to survive , and they were looking at a place where they could thrive .
that sounds crazy , right ?
but recent studies show that the nerve rates that come back to the fall of the roman empire is the same dna as the old genome virus .
so scientists recently came to suggest that the crazy story of the crazy story is actually true .
and geologists found evidence of a global television system that took almost 20 years to explain the famine .
so this crazy story could be true .
maybe they actually saved their people by play by having 18 years of play in games , and then they had these kinds of sessions , and they &apos;ve been so much talking about each other that they have saved the entire civilization .
so we can do that too .
we &apos;ve been playing with 1994 .
this was the first time in the world of real history , and this was 16 years ago .
they had been served for 18 years , and we &apos;ve been playing warcraft for 16 years .
i want to argue that we &apos;re ready for our own personal game .
so , they sent half the civilization of the civilization to look for a new world , and therefore , i take my 21 billion computer points a week .
we should be able to do that by half of us an hour per day with play , until we have solved the problems of the real world .
i know you &apos;re going to ask , &quot; how do we solve problems in the real world ? &quot; and that &apos;s what i &apos;ve done my work in the last few years at the institute for the future .
we have this flag in our office in palo alto it expresses how we understand the future .
we don &apos;t want to try to tell the future before .
what we want is to create the future .
we want to take the best possible outcome , and then people will empower people to make this sense of reality .
we &apos;re going to ban epic victories , and give people the opportunity to reach them .
i &apos;m going to show you a little bit about three games that i &apos;ve designed to try and get people to fulfill a epic epic in their own future .
this is &quot; world without oil . &quot;
the game is from 2007 .
it &apos;s a bridge system where you have to overcome a bridge system .
it &apos;s invented , and we have enough sums of time to make it realistic , and you &apos;re actually living your real life without oil , so when you sign up to play , you tell them where you live , and you &apos;re going to get them to play , you know , where you &apos;re living , and you &apos;re going to get them out .
we &apos;ve tested this game with four players in 2007 , and we &apos;ve been accompanied by over the last three years .
and i can tell you it was a change experience .
nobody wants to change his life because it &apos;s good for the environment or because we should .
but if you &apos;re in an indian adventure and say , &quot; we &apos;re going to go from oil . &quot;
this is an amazing adventure that you &apos;re going to do .
find out how they would survive , most of our players have the ones that are acting in their game habits .
so we &apos;re looking at the next online game , a bigger , higher goal than just a second .
we &apos;ve created the game &quot; design &quot; at the institute for the future .
first of all , the calculation is a lot of things that people have only 23 years on the planet .
this supercomputer is called &quot; global global survival system , &quot; of course .
the call for players to sign up , we &apos;ve almost made a kind of &quot; a &quot; filter machine . &quot;
you know , when you &apos;re jerry , where it &apos;s called the &quot; eureka . &quot; you have the astronauts , the scientists , the main ones , and you can save the world .
but in our game , instead of just five people , we say , everybody is in the business room , and it &apos;s our job to make the future for energy , food , health , security and the future of social justice .
8,000 players played the game for eight weeks .
they found 500 incredibly creative solutions that they can read when they &apos;re called &quot; google . &quot;
and the last game we get on march three is . it &apos;s a game with collaboration with the world bank .
if you finish the game , you get from the world bank to be a social revolution , in 2010 , 2010 .
we &apos;re working in universities in the entire country in africa , and it &apos;s a community of learning a social network .
we have a comic book , and we have a level of &quot; high high , &quot; education , sustainability , vision and ingenuity .
i want to invite all of you to share this game with young people all over the world , especially in the world , all of us who can benefit from their own social enterprises to save the world .
i &apos;m going to end up .
i want to ask you something .
what do you think happens next ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we haven &apos;t saved the real world yet .
well , i hope you agree with me that players are human resources that we can use to work in real life , and that games have a big meaning for change .
so we have all these superpowers , whoa productivity , the ability to get deeply social nets , to help , and the desire for the meaning of meaning .
i really hope that we &apos;re playing great games to survive a second century on this planet .
and i hope you &apos;re going to play that way with me and play it .
so if i go to the next decade , i &apos;m sure that we can make any possible future that we can create every future , and that we can play all kinds of games .
so i say , let &apos;s start the game games .
thank you .
i &apos;d like to tell you a little bit about what a couple of months ago , writing a magazine magazine magazine magazine .
i used to write my work at the time , but i &apos;ve been with the work of the text done , and i noticed that i never have been in my life what the word &quot; disabled &quot; really means .
i read them the post .
&quot; disabled , &quot; &quot; death , helpless , useless , destroyed , horror , mutilated , fall , fall , ski , ski , sink , socks , socks , sink , sink , socks , socks , eagles , socks , sink , heavy , weak , weak .
lp : healthy , strong , sensitive . &quot;
i read the list of a friend out of it , and i had to laugh , and it was kind of ridiculous , but i just came up to say , &quot; no , i couldn &apos;t get up , and i had to get back to them , and i &apos;d like to collect the emotional shock .
of course , this was an old age old , and i just thought that the issue has to be pretty old .
but actually , it was a copy on the early &apos; 80s , when i just started with primary school , and began to build my self from outside the family sphere , and also form the other way around the other children and the rest of the world around me .
and thank god , i didn &apos;t use a basketball engine at all .
if i was going to take that point seriously , i would be born in a world that someone like me as a person would be able to make positive life in any way , but now i &apos;m going to be interested in the opportunity and adventure that i &apos;ve experienced .
so , i immediately asked myself to do the primary health of 2009 , and expect that i &apos;m going to find a more deceptive contribution here .
here &apos;s the version version of this project .
unfortunately , she &apos;s not much better .
and in the particular two words , the last two words are going to be under &quot; the suck , &quot; and &quot; healthy . &quot;
but it &apos;s not just about words .
it &apos;s about what we think about people that we describe to these words .
it &apos;s about the values that are in these words , and how we construct these values .
our language affects our thinking and how we see the world and the people around us .
many major societies , including the greeks and the romans , had really believed that pronunciation is a big force , because what you &apos;re looking at , it &apos;s also going to be able to spin .
so what do we really want to do -- a disabled person or a powerful person ?
just to tell people a child as a child , could be able to squeeze it and give you beliefs .
wouldn &apos;t it be beautiful to open doors ?
a person who opened for me doors was a pediatrician at a dupont in institute in manhattan .
he &apos;s dr. dr. bangoora . a computer whose name , as you can think , most of the americans couldn &apos;t get accurate , and so he was always called dr. p. .
and dr. sue had always been very colorful , and he was just working for the work with children .
i found the time i spent in this hospital , just great -- to my favorite day .
i had to repeat with a lot of practice , with this thick , elastic sacrifice -- in different colors -- you know , to make my favorite building , and i hated it at more than anything else , and i hated it at more than anything else . i hated it .
and imagine , even though i &apos;ve met a child child with dr. p. and so trying to stop this practice , not without success .
and one day he looked at me in one of my practices -- this exercise was just tiring and slender -- and he said to me , &quot; wow , aimee , you &apos;re so strong , powerful and young girl , you &apos;ll just cut one of them off .
and if you make it , i &apos;ll give you a hundred dollars . &quot;
and that was , of course , just a simple trick from dr. p. to do the practice i didn &apos;t want to do , with the prospect that the young young girls in the hospital would be in the second floor , but he actually got me to see my daily life with a new eye . so it became a new and unexpected experience .
and i &apos;m asking myself how much his vision of me as strong and powerful young girls have changed my sense of self , and i could imagine myself looking at a sense of nature , very powerful , powerful and more human .
this is just one example of a lot of how adults can make a child &apos;s imagination .
but as you know , examples of the examples of the evidence that allow us to tell us is that our language doesn &apos;t allow us to imagine what we would all want to do , to enable each individual to see themselves as a powerful person .
our language regarding the social changes that we have in many cases has been triggered by a technological change .
from the medical standpoint , of course , you can say that my legs , the air lanes of titan , artificial abuse of titan , artificial people for the body body that allow people to actually make their own destiny , and have to be able to be able to be able to be able to create their own destiny , and to be able to be able to create a own identity .
so perhaps this technological change is clear , even though there &apos;s always another truth , which is that every person in society can give a very different and very powerful and that the human ability to adapt , our biggest plus .
the human ability to adapt -- this is an interesting story , because people are always asking me to tell me how i &apos;m going to talk to you , and i &apos;m going to tell you a little bit : this sentence has never been given me to me , and i &apos;ve always been fascinated with this , and i &apos;ve always been fascinated with people .
this one of the power of learning with life is about the idea that success or happiness depends on a challenge to be without having a visceral experience , as if my life was going to succeed so successful , because i would have gone to life with a disability .
but the truth is that we &apos;re changing . of course we &apos;re influenced by the challenge , whether it &apos;s physical , emotionally or even both .
and i &apos;m saying that &apos;s good .
there &apos;s no obstacle that we need to be able to have to make better sense of our lives .
al-qaeda are just limited to our lives .
and i tend to look more like my shadow .
sometimes i realize that he &apos;s very present , sometimes he &apos;s barely seeing , but he &apos;s always in me .
and i don &apos;t want to have the effect of the impact or the heavy impact of a human being .
there are a lot of life in life and challenges , and they &apos;re just real , and every person is doing it differently , but the question is not whether we &apos;re going to get out of sync or not , but how we &apos;re going to get out of it .
so we &apos;re not just responsible for the people that we love to preserve in front of the government , but they prepare for it , well , to make it clear .
and we don &apos;t really know our kids unless we give them the feeling that they can &apos;t adapt .
you have to separate two things : to be a medical fact to be amputated , and in social society , whether i &apos;m disabled or not .
and to be honest , the only real and active disability that i had to put apart on it is that the world is always crying , you can describe me with this definitions .
in our wish , to protect people who are us at the heart , and give them cool , hard truth about their own forecast , or to keep a prediction on the quality of life that you expect , we don &apos;t have to take a clue that someone is actually disabled .
maybe it &apos;s the current concept that just shows you what &apos;s going on in a broken way , and how we repair it for each individual a bigger disability than the pathology aliens in the street .
if we don &apos;t treat a human holistically and not all of its forces and possibilities and recognize , we &apos;re in addition to the natural fight that you might have to lead , another disease .
we have a people who has a value for our society .
so we have to focus on the bottom lines and look at all the parts of the human possibilities .
but the most important thing is that it &apos;s between the perception of our flaws and our great connection , a connection .
we shouldn &apos;t be able to dismiss or maintain these turbulent times , or we shouldn &apos;t try to avoid them , we should be able to go ahead and get them under the carpet , but it &apos;s about finding in the most powerful opportunities .
i think maybe it &apos;s a little bit more important to make sure that we don &apos;t necessarily have to get out of time , but we &apos;re open for it to embrace it , to give you a little bit of a time , and maybe even use it to use it , and maybe even dance with it .
and maybe we can do it as a natural , natural and useful and useful , and we don &apos;t feel so much more comfortable with their presence as well .
in this year , we celebrate the 200 , by september darwin , and when he wrote about evolution over 150 years ago , darwin , in my eyes , found something very true in the human character .
i would like to call it this : not the most powerful of its species , and also not the power of its species , but the change that changes the best changes .
post-conflict conflicts are creativity .
not only darwin &apos;s work , we know that the ability of human beings to survive and survive , from the fight of the human spirit , is to transform through conflict .
so , again , change and adaptation are the great skill of human beings .
and maybe we just know what &apos;s going on off of wood , if we &apos;re really tested .
maybe that &apos;s exactly the point of error , a perception of the brain , a sense of our own power .
we can give ourselves something like this .
we can give ourselves a new meaning that goes beyond long times .
maybe we can see more than change change .
wetlands are a change that we have not yet adapted to .
i think the biggest damage we have ourselves is to believe that we should be normal .
let &apos;s face it , who is normal ?
there &apos;s no normal .
there are the usual . the typical , but not the normal , and would you really want to learn these poor , gray people , if you really have it ?
i don &apos;t think so .
it would be great if we think of this paradigm of normal versus another , or strength , it can even be able to create a little bit more dangerous to the other , and we can be able to deliver the forces of very many children , and they invite them to join their very special and valuable skills into society .
what we found is that we have people from the members of our society always have a choice : to be useful , to make a contribution .
there are evidence that the neanderthals have 60,000 years ago , older people , and people with heavy physical injuries , and that might be because , in fact , the most responsible of the people of the people for the society were valuable .
they didn &apos;t look at these people as broken and useless ; they were treated as special and valuable .
a couple of years ago , i went to the city i grew up in , and in a square place in the &quot; red zone &quot; in the northeast of pennsylvania , and i stood there with a tomato tomato .
it was summer , and i had a vow .
and i hear the guy behind me says , &quot; well , that &apos;s not aimee mullins . &quot;
and i turn around and see this older man . i had no idea who he is .
and i said , &quot; excuse me , sir , know what ? i can &apos;t remember . &quot;
and he said , &quot; well , you may not remember me .
when i first saw her , i took her mother &apos;s belly from her belly . &quot;
oh , so that &apos;s .
and of course , it &apos;s made it click .
this was dr. denis , a man that i knew just about stories of my mother , because i was , of course , a typical , to my birthday two weeks late .
the doctor for medical imaging as my mother was on the holiday , and so my parents knew the man who brought me to the world , at least .
and because i had been born without a child , and my feet were looking at them , and i just had a few toes on this and a few toes on the other foot , he was the chief of the grass , and he had the bad news .
he said to me , &quot; i had to tell your parents that you &apos;d never walk , and never be solar , like other children or you could never have an independent life , and they &apos;ve just just been standing lying on me . &quot;
and what was really extraordinary was that , when i collected the whole childhood of my childhood , whether i had won in a second class in the second class , if i had a lot of time to go up to the college , i &apos;d never have a grant , if i had my scholarship or one of my graduate voices , and he would have these snippets to be able to teach his students .
and he called this part of his name , the x factor , the potential of the human being .
you can &apos;t just emphasize how important that factor is going to be the quality of human beings .
and dr. michael told him , he said , &quot; i &apos;ve learned that children , if they don &apos;t have anything else to say , &quot; and even if you get a little support , if you get kids out of their own , children can get a lot better . &quot;
you see , dr. michael has changed his mind .
he had understood that medical diagnosis , and how people do it , are two different things .
and also , i think , in the course of the time , when you asked me about the age of 15 , if i had been able to put my prostheses on legs and flesh and bones , i wouldn &apos;t have been a second .
i really wanted to be normal .
if you ask me this today , i &apos;m not so sure .
and this happened because i &apos;ve experienced something with my legs and not despite that experience .
and maybe this change could happen , because i &apos;ve been so many people who have opened me doors , instead of watching people who would kill me or give me an idea .
you see , it really takes only one person who shows you how to express their forces , and they &apos;re through .
if you allow someone to activate its own , internal forces , the human mind is so versatile -- if you can do that , and to put a door on a critical moment , you &apos;re going to open up your door , and you &apos;re going to be a very good teacher for these people .
they bring them to open doors .
the real meaning of the &quot; origins &quot; is roots into the word &quot; shadow . &quot;
it means to produce something that is an opportunity to change the potential .
again , what is the opportunity that we want to fix ?
in the &apos; 60s , the united states was done in the united states , and then in a year it was used to be implemented .
they &apos;re called this &quot; emerging oil crisis &quot; in the united states , as we call it . &quot;
the students are divided into grades .
and the a student will test harder times , get better teachers and so forth .
you &apos;ve got a little bit of a time of students who had a &quot; good &quot; music , &quot; and they told them that they were told that they were very clever , and after those three months , they actually did a book book .
and of course , it forced to hear a heart that vice versa , the rest of the world said that they &apos;re only enough .
and then , after three months , it also began .
but only those who were still in school -- except from the students who had gotten the school .
the key to this study was that teachers were not supposed to be .
the teachers didn &apos;t know that something was changed .
they were just told that these are the kids , and that the students with the grade are enough , and they &apos;ve been taught them , and they &apos;re treated .
the only real disability is a very mind mind of a mind that has been broken , has no hope anymore , and there &apos;s nothing more wrong about it , and we &apos;re missing our natural ability of imagination .
but if we manage to support the human spirit in the world , we hope to hope themselves and other people around the way to find beautiful and curious , and we &apos;re really going to put our power really positive .
if there &apos;s a mind about these qualities , we can create a new reality and new organizational system .
i &apos;d like to end with a poem that was written by a persian poet named plastic in the 14th century , and the poem is called &quot; the god , who only heard four words , &quot; &quot; the child knows god , &quot; the god who knows only four words , &quot; the child knows god , not the god of the name .
come on , dance with me . thank you .
how would you want to be better than you &apos;re right now ?
suppose i said that through few changes of your genes , a better memory could be -- more precise , faster and faster .
or would they want to be more powerful , more powerful , more power .
do you want to get more and more confident ?
how about living longer for good health ?
or maybe they &apos;re one of those who are always concerned about more creativity .
which one would you like most ?
which one would you like to have if you could only have one ?
creativity .
how many people would choose creativity ?
raise your hands . let me see .
a few . probably about how many people there are there .
that &apos;s very good .
how many would you choose to make a memory ?
have a couple more .
how about fitness ?
a few less .
what about longevity ?
ah , the majority . that &apos;s what i like to do as a doctor .
if you could only have one of them , it would be a very different world .
is it just a conceit ?
or is it possible ?
evolution is a major topic here on the ted conference , but today i want to give you a gift of a doctor &apos;s perspective .
the great geneticists in the 20th century , the most enterprising , who was an expert in the russian orthodox church , wrote a paper that says , &quot; nothing in biology doesn &apos;t make sense of in any sense of evolution . &quot;
now , if you &apos;re one of those who don &apos;t accept the evidence of biological evolution , that would be a very good time to take your head out , take your own personal -- and maybe give you a look at kathryn book &apos;s book , and maybe you can give you a look at kathryn book &apos;s book , which is to be wrong .
but if you accept biological evolution , think about it , is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?
is it for others , or is it true to us ?
this is another view of the tree of life .
in this picture , i &apos;ve got a bush as a center of the water center in all directions , because if you look at the edges of the tree of life , all the existing technologies in the tops of these twigs have been successful : in fact , they have survived ; it has a low-cost and powerful survey .
and the human part of this piece of light , far at the end , is what we &apos;re most interested in .
we divide from a common ancestor to modern chimpanzees , about six or eight million years ago .
in this period , there might be 20 or 25 different varieties of hominids .
some people come and went .
we &apos;ve been around for about 25 years .
it seems like we &apos;re fairly remote from the other parts of the tree of life , but actually in the most part , the basic mechanisms are our current mechanisms in our cells pretty much .
is it clear that we can pull it out and use the mechanisms of a common bacterium to produce the protein of the human dna system that &apos;s used to treat flu ?
this is not like soap ; this is the same protein that &apos;s chemically dependent from what &apos;s going on your pancreas .
and as we talk about bacteria , you realize that every one of us in our gut is more bacteria than it takes cells into the rest of our body ?
maybe 10 times as many .
i mean , do you think if antonio damasio thinks about your self , think about the bacteria ?
our gut is a wonderfully programmable environment for these bacteria .
it &apos;s warm , it &apos;s dark , it &apos;s wet , it &apos;s very comfortable .
and you &apos;re going to get all of the nutrients that you might want to give without any effort .
it &apos;s actually a much easier way for bacteria , with occasional random capacity of unintended ability to push the outcome .
but otherwise , they &apos;re a wonderful environment for these bacteria , as they &apos;re important for their lives .
they help to conserve nutrients , and they protect them against certain diseases .
but what &apos;s going to happen in the future ?
are we in a kind of an equilibrium in form of a species ?
or are we supposed to be something else -- something that might even be better in the environment ?
now , let &apos;s take a step back at the time of the big bang , 14 billion years ago -- the earth , the solar system , about four and a half billion years ago -- the first signs of living , maybe three or four billion years on the earth -- the first child-friendly organisms , maybe the three species of organisms .
in this huge unfinished symphony of the universe , life is just a little bit important , on the earth , the animal kingdom , like a single head , and the human life , a little bit of a life .
this is us .
this also explains the language of this speech , so i hope you ate it in the air .
now , when i was a college student at college , i had my first favorite job .
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i found something very fundamental : in most of the existence of life in living organisms , each cell , and all the genetic information of the cell is going to go on both sides .
but at the time , when the organisms came out of the organisms , they began to change things .
sexual reproduction is in the picture .
and very important : with the introduction of sexual reproduction , the bottom of the body becomes the rest of the body .
in fact , you could say that the most important of the body of the body of the body in the same moment is what happens to sexual reproduction .
now , i have to say , if i was a vegetarian , i thought , okay , sex / death , sex / death , death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at the time , but with every year , there &apos;s a chance to have better opportunity .
i &apos;ve come to understand the feelings of george burns that read in las vegas his show in the &apos; 90s .
and one night , there &apos;s a pat on his desk .
he &apos;s opening the door .
front of him is a beautiful street designer .
she looks at him , and he says , &quot; i &apos;m here for christmas . &quot;
&quot; this is wonderful , &quot; george says , &quot; i &apos;m going to take the soup . &quot;
i came to the realization as a doctor that i had a goal that was different than the goal of evolution -- not necessarily conflicting , just different .
i tried to preserve the body .
i wanted to keep healthy .
i wanted to reconstruct the health for a disease .
i wanted us to lead a long and healthy life .
evolution is all about the value of the genome to the next generation , adaptation and survival generation generation .
and from a evolutionary standpoint , they &apos;re and i like to do like rockets rockets to send the genetic satellite into the next stage of orbit , to drop it into the sea .
i think we would all have the mood that woody allen would have to understand , when he said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to get immortality with my work .
i want to reach it by not going to die . &quot;
evolution doesn &apos;t necessarily necessarily want to live the longest life .
it doesn &apos;t necessarily change the largest , the most powerful or the fastest , and not even the smartest .
evolution is the creatures that adapt the best to their environment .
it &apos;s just the test of survival and success .
on the bottom of the ocean , bacteria are there , and they &apos;re going to be able to survive the hot steam , because if there were fish there , there would be a vacuum of fish that they have , and they have managed to make it a viable environment for themselves .
so , what does that mean when we look back at what &apos;s happening in evolution , and how we think about the place of people in evolution , and most of us , in the next phase , i would say there &apos;s a range of possibilities .
the first is that we &apos;re not going to move forward .
we &apos;ve got a kind of balance .
and the reason for that was that , for example , we &apos;ve been able to get through medicine , and we &apos;ve been able to get a lot of genes that were otherwise otherwise been destroyed and out of the population .
and second , we as a species have given us our environment so that we &apos;ve done it , and we adapt to them , and we adapt to them .
and by the way , we go and circulate and so much that they can &apos;t say that they can &apos;t say that isolation is necessary for evolution , to change .
one second possibility is that it will be an evolution of the traditional species , of course , caused by the forces of nature .
and the argument , here , would be that the wheels of evolution were slow , but they &apos;re more energy-efficient .
and so the isolation is , when we cover a species of planet , it will be generous and the changes of the environment that can produce evolution in natural ways .
but there &apos;s a third way , a powerful , fascinating and terrifying possibility .
what i call it -- the new development that &apos;s not easy , of course , but led and decided from us as a tool in the decisions that we do .
now how did this happen ?
how could it be that we do this ?
first of all , the reality that people today are making decisions about their offspring , in some cultures .
they are , in some cultures , the choice to have more men than women .
it &apos;s not necessarily good for society , but it &apos;s what the individual and the family choose .
so think if it &apos;s not just possible to choose the sex of your child , but also to be able to be able to cure genetic skills to prevent the diseases and prevent it .
what if you could make the genetic change to prevent diabetes or alzheimer &apos;s disease or reduce the reduction of risk of disease or strokes ?
wouldn &apos;t you want to make these changes in your genes ?
when we go back , these kinds of changes will be increasingly possible .
the human genome project started in 1990 , and it took 13 years .
it cost $ billion billion dollars .
the following year , when it was done in 2004 , they could do the same thing for 20 million dollars in five to four months .
today , you can do a sequence of three billion pairs of human genome at a price of about 20,000 20,000 and in the room of about a week .
it &apos;s not going to take a long time until the reality is that it &apos;s going to give the 1,000 dollars of human genome , and it &apos;s going to be increasingly available to everyone .
and a week ago , the national academy of engineering for the president &apos;s prize for francis arnold and editors , two scientists who were independently independently using the natural process of evolution to work faster , to create more proteins in a more different way -- which called arnold arnold . &quot; direct evolution . &quot;
a couple of years ago , the editor of the scientist was given a professor of honor for his research in which he took a adults , and he turned out by manipulation of only four genes , the cell induced to turn any cell cell into a cell cell -- a cell could be able to turn any cell into your body .
these changes are coming in .
the same technology that makes the insulin insulin in bacteria can make viruses that don &apos;t only protect themselves , but also to the immune to other viruses .
whether you believe it or not , it &apos;s a experimental study in the gang of vaccine against influenza , which is grown in the cells of a mushroom tumor .
can you imagine something good from tobacco ?
this is all real reality , and in the future , it will be much more possible .
just imagine two other little changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of their descendants ?
what if you could get the sperm and the air or the fresh hot egg to give your children a better chance to give your life -- to get the diabetes , reduce the risk of cancer , reduce the risk of cancer , reduce the risk of cancer .
who doesn &apos;t want to get healthier ?
and then analytical analytical , the same engine of science that can change the changes to prevent disease , could enable us to adopt the general government , embrace education -- the better memory .
why don &apos;t we have the chief designer of a ken neutral school , especially if you can extend it to the next generation of finance ?
why not have fast windows that will allow you to run faster and longer ?
why no longer live ?
these are going to be generic manufacturers .
and if we &apos;re in a place where we can transfer it to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want , we &apos;re going to be transformed by the evolution of behavioral evolution .
we &apos;re going to have a process that may actually take 100,000 years , and we can compress it up to a thousand years , and maybe maybe the next 100 years .
these are decisions that their grandchildren , or their grandchildren have to deal with .
do we use these decisions to create a society that is better , the more successful thing that &apos;s more friendly ?
or will we be selectively distinct choices that we want to do for some of us and not for others ?
are we going to form a society and be a computer engineer , or a more powerful , and more robust ?
these are the kinds of questions we have to be able to face .
and most of all , we will ever be able to develop the wisdom , and the wisdom we &apos;re going to need to make these decisions ?
so , as good as evil , and as you might think , these decisions are going to be on us .
thank you .
i want you to imagine now , a portable robot that gives you a lot of skills , or another one , which helps it to come up and go up and go up .
so at berkeley , we call this robot sweet .
they &apos;re nothing else than something that you can put in the morning and give them additional strength and increase your speed , and help them make your balance balance .
and that &apos;s actually what &apos;s actually a really scary thing to do with human and machine .
but not just that -- that &apos;s merging , and we connect with the universe and other devices out there .
that &apos;s not just a crazy idea .
so to show you what we &apos;re working on , we &apos;re starting to talk about the american soldiers that are spending about 100 pounds on his back , and it &apos;s the request that you should have more equipment .
and of course , this leads to some major complications -- 10 , 30 percent of it -- chronic sales .
so we thought we were going to embrace this challenge and create a design model that would help to deal with this problem .
so let me introduce you now to -- you know , or human theory , universal expressions .
by the time , i can carry 200 pounds on the terrain terrain on a long time , for hours of hours .
your flexible design enables it to go deep in ways to go around and be able to go through the same movements .
it feels what i want to do where i want to go and raise my strength and resilience .
we &apos;re so far to introduce our device to this device , this new organizational system in this year .
so it &apos;s true .
let &apos;s look at man &apos;s eyes , something that i &apos;m particularly passionate about .
there are 68 million people living around the world in a wheelchair .
that &apos;s about one percent of the population .
and that &apos;s actually a conservative estimate .
now , we &apos;re talking about very young people with spinal cord injuries , in the middle of their life , in the middle of your life -- &apos; 20s , &apos; &apos; 40s , by the fate of the fate , and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it &apos;s also about the population population , the number multiplied .
and pretty much the only option -- if it goes to a nuclear war , or the other complications -- is the wheelchair .
and so , over the course of 500 years , it &apos;s been since i have to say , very successful introduction .
so we thought we could begin to write a completely new chapter in mobility .
let me introduce you now to an example , which amanda has been carried by amanda , 19 years ago , who suffered a civil war , which was the result that she couldn &apos;t run over since 19 years and now .
thank you .
as i said , amanda has celebrated our research system .
it has sensors .
his completely charged sensors in the crutches , the signals in front of us , on our doorstep , which is on the back of your back .
there &apos;s also a lot of water , which is the utility of its hips , as well as in the front of them that they move forward to this kind of very powerful and very natural gait .
i was 24 years old , and i was in prison , as an investigative ceremony , as a filmmaker , to me .
in a fraction of a second , i lost every feeling and every movement underneath my desk .
not a moment after a doctor in my office , and he said , &quot; amanda , you &apos;ll never go again . &quot;
and this was 19 years ago .
it &apos;s made every single hope of my consciousness .
the technologies that have happened since i &apos;ve been able to learn to ski , to ski , to climb , and to walk with the hands of the hands .
but nothing was invented that would leave me again , right now .
thank you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to meet us and to discuss them .
it &apos;s in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change the life of future generations -- not just for the soldiers , or for amanda here , all the users , but for all of us .
thank you .
home in new york , i &apos;m a director of a non-profit organization , robin hood , and robin hood .
if i don &apos;t have poverty , i &apos;m going to get a fan of a football arm at a volunteer fire fire .
now , in our city , in the train of volunteers , a volunteer team , you have to be pretty early at the age of being to be able to be able to be able to do it .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteer in the street room , so i had a good good chance to get into it .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to achieve the welfare workers and figure out what our jobs would be .
when i found the experimenter , he just had a very serious conversation with the security industry that would certainly have one of the worst days of her life .
it was in the middle of the night , and she was sitting in the tv , and golf under a screen outside of the nest , while her house was burned in flames .
the other volunteers that was close to me -- we call him martin luther flu -- went back to the first day and got asked to go to the house and save the dog of the rescue .
the dog ! i was losing my heart .
there was a lawyer or a doctor who was now for the rest of his life , telling people that he was going to a living house to save a living , because it was five seconds faster than me .
well , i was the next one .
and the creator came to me .
he said , &quot; bezos , you need to go to the house .
you &apos;ve got to go up , go on the fire , and you have to get a few shoes . &quot;
i swear to it .
now , not exactly what i hoped it was , but i went down the stairs , the hallway , to the &quot; the &quot; vagina monologues &quot; that happened at the moment that they were actually done pretty well , in the bedroom to get a pair of shoes .
i know what you &apos;re thinking , but i &apos;m not a hero .
i put my prey back down to the bottom , where i met my angry phone on my doorstep and the beloved dog .
we put our treasures out of the back of the road , where , not surprisingly , he got a lot more attention than mine .
a couple of weeks later , the student took a letter from the letter that she was taking for the brave efforts of saving your house .
one of all sorts of sensations : kindness of kindness : somebody had even brought a pair of shoes .
both in my job at robin hood and also in my favorite career as a volunteer girl , i am an generosity of generosity and kindness in the big scale , but i also see the business of altruism and the origin of individuals .
and you know what i learned ?
they &apos;re all important .
so , when i look at this room and see people who have either achieved a success success or or on your way there , i want to offer this message : don &apos;t wait .
don &apos;t wait to make a difference in life else , until you reach your first million .
if you have something , you give it now .
use them in a corporate room , put a park in the neighborhood .
be a mentor .
not every day , we will have a chance to save the lives of a human , but every day gives us the opportunity to change one .
so they go on ; save the shoes .
thank you .
bruno 3 : mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i &apos;m going to come back from a community that knows the secret of the human history of humanity .
a place where women are going to lead the women , with sex &apos; hello , and the game tells you -- where fun is a serious business .
and no , it &apos;s not like you &apos;re san or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , your familiarity .
this is the world of the wild bonobos in the woods of congo .
bonobos are together with our closest living related .
that means we have a common ancestor , a evolutionary grandmother , who lived around about six million years ago .
now , chimpanzees are known for their facial appearance .
but unfortunately , we have this aspect of complexity in the narrative of human evolution .
but bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
while chimpanzees are great , fear of young subjects will be led , the production of the female female has led to the female female female .
they have really come up , because this leads to a very common society that has been observed by the violence of deadly violence .
but unfortunately , bonobos are least least known under primates .
they live in the deep depths of the ocean , and they &apos;re really difficult to see .
congo is a paradox -- a country of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the dark self -- the scene of a violent argument that has been published for decades , and almost so many lives have been required for world war ii .
it wasn &apos;t surprised that these destruction also suffered the survival of the bonobos .
rs and the decline of the lead industry is that you can &apos;t even play a stadium with the bioluminescent bonobos -- and even there we are not safe to be honest .
and yet , in this country of violence and chaos , you can hear a little laugh , that the trees are shattered .
who are these related ?
we know them as &quot; love instead of war , &quot; because they &apos;ve been able to have sex , also sex sex , with sex partners , and the way that we have the conflict and the social sciences .
i &apos;m not saying that this is the answer to all the humanitarian problems -- because life of the bonobos comes out more than the most sacred .
bonobos -- like people -- they love to play their lives long .
game doesn &apos;t just exist .
for us , and it &apos;s a great deal of attachment to relationships with relationships and the care of tolerance .
and we learn to trust and the rules of the game .
game leads to creativity and resilience , and it &apos;s all about the creation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
and when you observe bonobos in the game , you see the evolutionary origins of human learning , dance and rituals .
game is the key thing that &apos;s going on .
well , i don &apos;t know how you play , but i want to show you some unique images from the wild .
first of all , it &apos;s a gateway to a football student -- and i don &apos;t think of it .
so here &apos;s a young female and male male in a pool of hands .
look at what she does .
this could be from the evolutionary origin , &quot; you &apos;ll put it in the eggs . &quot;
just that i think it doesn &apos;t like it , it &apos;s true .
yeah !
so rovs are common , both with bonobos as well as people .
and this video is really interesting , because it shows -- and this video is really interesting , because it shows the information that you bring new elements into the game -- like the testicles -- and also how the game makes both trust and hopes -- while it &apos;s doing a lot of fun .
but the game is a non-zero-sum game .
game is a computer game , and it can take a lot of forms from some of which some some are calm down , fuzzy , curious -- maybe to discover the questions again .
and i want to show you , this is a little female , a young female , and she &apos;s playing peaceful with water .
i think , as you &apos;re playing , sometimes we &apos;re going to play ourselves , and we &apos;re looking at the limitations of our inner and the worlds .
and it &apos;s that kind of playful curiosity that makes us explore and interact , and the unexpected wiring that we create are the real breeding ground of creativity .
this is just a little bit of a glimpse of the glimpses , the bonobos are giving us into our past and present .
but they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to moving challenges , larger innovation and economic progress .
the secret is that the game of key to these skills is .
in other words , play is our primary business .
to adapt to the world &apos;s world , we have to play .
but are we going to make the best of our nuclear fusion work ?
game isn &apos;t silly .
it &apos;s essential .
for bonobos and humans , the life is not made of teeth and claws alone .
in fact , if it doesn &apos;t seem very appropriate , play might be at the bottom of the game .
and so , my favorite story , let &apos;s hug this gift of evolution and play together , while we think of the creativity , and it &apos;s kind of wonder of wonder .
thank you .
i want you to imagine two couples , in 1979 , in the same day , in the same same moment , every single moment of a baby -- okay .
so two couples , every single ball of a baby .
now , i don &apos;t want you to spend too much time to think about it , because , if you take the whole time , you &apos;re not going to listen to me , you &apos;re not listening to me .
just think about that for a moment .
and in this scenario , you know , in a case , there &apos;s a y bottle of gas that &apos;s hitting the x chromosome of the egg .
and in the other case , the sperm has a x chromosome that &apos;s based on the x chromosome of the plant .
both of them are deformed , both light .
we &apos;re going to get back to these people later .
most of my roles , i have two senses .
under a hat , i &apos;m talking about the history of anatomy .
i &apos;m an academic study , and in this case , i study how people interact with anatomy -- which is human body , animal body -- how they &apos;re working with a little bit of the water , with the water floor , how they thought about body bodies .
the other hat that i &apos;ve been working on with my work is the activist , as a welder -- or as i say sometimes , as a pro-social lawyer -- from people who are patients from doctors .
in this case , i was working with people who have contributed to the social norms in the question .
so , for example , i was working with people who are identical twins , two people in a body .
i worked with people with the work -- so people who were smaller than common .
and very often , i &apos;ve been working with a lot of people who are driving their gender -- so people who don &apos;t have the average male or female counterparts .
and as a general term , we can use this word of healing .
there &apos;s lots of different shapes coming out in many different forms .
i &apos;m just going to give you a couple of examples of the kind of thing that aren &apos;t the male or female standard .
in one case , you might have somebody with a pair of wood , and the most gene gene of y y leaves , which gives us the first time that we have all the time , are going to grow up .
and that &apos;s why the testicles are testosterone on the stage of testosterone .
but because this individual is missing the receptors to recognize testosterone , the body doesn &apos;t respond to testosterone .
and this is called a game call .
so , testosterone , but no response to that .
as a consequence , the body evolved more of the typical female stages .
when the kid is born , she looks like a girl .
she &apos;s a girl . she &apos;s raised by girls .
but it &apos;s mostly time to recover puberty , and their breasts grow , and they &apos;re developing , but they don &apos;t get their period until someone comes up there , that &apos;s something different .
and you &apos;re doing a couple of tests and find out that they &apos;re instead of sitting , and they &apos;re dying , and they &apos;re actually murdered in , and they have a y chromosome .
it &apos;s important to understand that you can actually get this person to be male , but they &apos;re not really .
women , like men , have a little bit of our body , which is called childish .
they are in the back of our body .
and they &apos;re able to make the silver cingulate , which is called hormones hormones .
most women , like me -- i think i &apos;m a typical woman -- i don &apos;t know my actual brain , but i think that i probably have the typical -- most women like me actually are on the ground .
we produce carbon bushes , and we talk to ourselves in terms of time .
and the consequence is that someone like me actually actually have a brain that has been more exposed to being more than a woman who was born with testicles .
so , sex is really complicated ; it &apos;s not just in the middle of the spectrum of gender -- in a way , you can be distributed across the entire range .
another example : a few years ago , i received the call of a 19 year-old man who was born boy , when he was a kid , he had a friend , had sex with his girlfriend , lived with his girlfriend , he had just found that he had a person and a uterus .
he had an extreme shape of an innate state .
he has a chromosome chromosome , and in the womb , his prosthetic legs were so strong that they have essentially made a male mosquito scan .
and as a consequence , his beat had become a male , and his brain was exposed to the most famous male of the dictator .
and when he was born , he looked like a boy -- nobody knew anything .
and only when he was 19 years old , he got enough medical problems , actually , because it was reflected on the fact that the doctors found that it was in a female female .
okay , just just a quick example of an alternative version of design .
some people with a chromosomes chromosome , design , which is called self-assembly , which is where the field of water is out of the surface of the sun .
we don &apos;t really know why this is happening .
so sex can occur in many different varieties .
the reason why children with this kind of body -- whether they were or or impoverished twins , is the norm -- and surgeons are often becoming the norm , and surgeons are often becoming the norm , because it was for their physical health .
in many cases , these people are perfectly healthy .
the reason why they often have done different kinds of surgical procedures , because they threaten our social categories .
typically , our system is based on the idea that one of the anatomical scales is based on a particular identity .
so we have the concept that a woman is to be a female identity , to be a black person , means to be an african anatomy in terms of your own story .
so we have this terribly amazing idea .
and when we &apos;re confronted with a body that &apos;s actually a very different thing for us , it &apos;s confused us in terms of these things .
so we have a lot of romantic ideas on our culture , and we have a lot of romantic ideas .
and our nation really is based on a very romantic concept of engineering technology .
now you can imagine how amazing it is when children are born , which are two people in a body .
where i &apos;ve been looking at most of the time , most of the time , the most extensive of the world &apos;s first last year , whose gender has been asked in the world &apos;s most famous world in berlin .
many journalists call me the question , &quot; what test are you going to do , who will tell us whether it &apos;s a female female female or a male male ? &quot;
and i had to explain the journalist that there &apos;s no test .
we now know that gender is complicated enough , that we have to admit that nature doesn &apos;t have a line from us to male males and female females , and between male and steel and female and female , we &apos;re able to embrace that line as well .
so we have such a situation , where , even further our science , we have to be able to recognize that these categories that we &apos;ve been providing for healthy anatomic categories , which have very simple software tools to create permanent power systems , a lot more powerful than we suppose .
and that &apos;s not just about gender .
it also applies to race in terms of what &apos;s a lot more complicated than that we have approved .
we &apos;re in all sorts of disciplines that we found in our research .
for example , we end up with the fact that we have at least 95 percent of our dna with chimpanzees .
what are we going to do with the fact that we &apos;re just going to distinguish from them to few bits ?
as we continue to keep our science forward , we &apos;re increasingly going to be in a zone where we have to recognize that the most categories categories that we &apos;ve probably been too simple .
we see this in all sorts of human lives .
one of the areas that we see in the field of view , in our modern culture , in the united states today , is the fight over the beginning and the end of life .
we have hard conversations about what point a person is going to do , which is a different life , fetal life .
we have very tough conversations today -- perhaps not as public as in medicine -- about the question when someone is dead .
our ancestors had never been so hard to fight the question when somebody was dead .
they just had someone to put a cap under the nose , and when she moved , they haven &apos;t buried it yet .
if she didn &apos;t move up , you &apos;ve buried it .
but today , we &apos;re in a situation where we can take people &apos;s organs and take them to other people .
and as a result , we get to the fight with the really difficult question when someone is dead , and that brings us into a really difficult situation where we have no other categories in the same way that we used to .
now you could assume that the whole crash of categories would be really happy like me really .
i &apos;m political politically , i have people who have extraordinary bodies , but i have to admit , it makes me nervous .
to understand that these categories are really much more risky than we thought , that makes me vulnerable .
and it makes me comfortable with the democracy of the democracy .
so , to tell you about this kind of thing , i have to take the first one , and i &apos;m going to take a big fan of the founding fathers .
i know they were adventurous , and i know they were adventurous , but they were great .
i think they were so excited and strong , and so radical , in what they did , that i &apos;ve been looking at all of the years of looking at the world &apos;s most painful , and it &apos;s not because of the music that is absolutely forgotten to forget .
it &apos;s because of what has happened to happen with what &apos;s happening .
the founding fathers were from my view of the ancient geographic activists , and that &apos;s why .
what she was doing was a concept concept , and they were using it through another , which was radically and beautiful , and 200 years for us .
as you all remember , our founding parents encouraged the concept of monarchy , and the monarchy was based on a very basic concept of anatomy .
the top of the old world had no concept based on dna , but they had a concept of the internet .
they had a concept of blue blood .
they were the notion that people who had political power should have this political power , because of the most powerful people from the father to the father to the son , and so on .
the founding fathers , and they came up with this idea , and they replaced them through a new concept , and this concept said that all people were going to be on the same .
they were playing the play field , and decided that , you know , engineering , the dynamics of the world , they don &apos;t have the differences , and that was very radical .
now they did that because they were part of a kind of a system that was two things in common .
democracy grew up , but at the same time also the science was growing .
if you look at the story of dads , it &apos;s clear that many of you were really interested in science , and they were interested in a concept of a world &apos;s dilemma .
they went away from explanations for explanations , and meadows things like a supernatural concept of power , back where the transmission is based on a very painful concept of computation .
they moved to a fantasy concept .
and when you look at the declaration of independence , you talk about nature and the god of nature .
they &apos;re not talking about god and nature of god .
they talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
and as part of them , they took us a concept that was common from common similarities .
and they really prepared it in a wonderful way the world &apos;s civil rights policy .
they didn &apos;t think about it , but what they did for us was great .
so what happened after that ?
for example , the women who have the most talkative , the concept of the founding fathers , which says that anatomical logic is more important than the anatomical direction , and said , &quot; that we have a uterus and more important , that we &apos;re not going to have the uterus , the right to full citizenship , etc .
and women are doing this successfully .
next day , the successful civil civil movement , where we looked at people like a football cap , who said about it , &quot; am i not a woman ? &quot;
we find men in the red rows of the plastic cables that say , &quot; i &apos;m a man . &quot;
again , people of different skin colors , who are based on anatomical adaptations to make unique differences , again , successfully .
we see the same thing in front of us .
of course , the problem is that , as we begin to look at all of the similarities , we have to start thinking about why we sustain a special brain program .
now , mind , i want to sustain certain pieces of interest , honestly , in our culture .
i don &apos;t want to give you a fish for the same rights as a person .
i don &apos;t want to say that we should take away from the anatomy .
i don &apos;t want to say that you should have the right to get your consent to be married or to get married .
so there are some anatomic ways that make me make sense of me , and that &apos;s what we think i should keep thinking .
but the challenge is to try and figure out what it is and why we keep them , and whether they make sense .
so let &apos;s come back to these two creatures that have been given to the beginning of the talk .
we have two creatures , both middle 1979 in the same day .
let &apos;s imagine that one of them , maria &apos;s been born , three months ago , so she was born at june 1 .
henry , on the other hand , he was born in the street , so he was born on march of 1980 .
just because of the fact that maria was born three months ago , they get all sorts of rights to the first 15 months of henry flu -- who had the right to have sex with the right , to choose the right to drink .
and henry must have been waiting for all this , not because he actually has a biological biological age , just since the birth of his birth .
we find another more important thing about what their rights are .
okay , henry , because you think that he &apos;s male -- although i didn &apos;t tell you that he &apos;s with the -- you know , because he &apos;s male , it &apos;s going to be moving in , which is not what you have to worry about , what maria doesn &apos;t have to worry about .
maria alone can &apos;t perceive the same thing in all states , the henry henry in all states , and get it right .
henry can get a woman , every maria , but maria can only marry a woman in a few states today .
so we &apos;ve got all of this permanently categories categories in many ways to be challenging and questionable .
and for me , the question is : what are we going to do , because our science is going to make such progress in the field of anatomy , that we have a point where we have to admit that a democracy based on anatomy is possible ?
i don &apos;t want to give you the science , but at the same time it feels like the science is acting on its own .
so where do we go ?
it seems like our culture has a kind of pragmatic attitude : &quot; well , we need to move somewhere out of a line , so we &apos;re going to pull them somewhere . &quot;
but a lot of people caught up in a very strange position .
so for example , texas , at a point , decided that to marry a man , that you have no y chromosome , and marry a woman , that you have a y chromosome .
now , in practice , people aren &apos;t tested by their chromosomes .
but it &apos;s also very bizarre , because of the story that i told you about earlier .
if we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us in his &quot; i have a dream , &quot; a kind of solution .
he says we shouldn &apos;t do people for their skin skin , but they follow the character of their character , and they go beyond the anatomy .
and i want to say , &quot; yes , that sounds like a really good idea . &quot;
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you address people from their favorite chords ?
i also want to point out that i &apos;m not sure that we should be right there to talk about people , because i have to admit that i have a series of golden ceos that probably need social benefits than some people i know .
i want to suggest that i probably think of a bright light critic , which is the more likely to be more likely to make more intelligent and more powerful decisions to make their sexual relationships than some of the things that i know .
so what should we ask the question of the character of the character ?
it turns out to be really difficult .
and one part of me wonder , what if the content of the personality would be something that could be made in the future -- could be visible by fmri ?
do we really want to go into that direction ?
i &apos;m not sure where we go .
what i know is that it &apos;s really important to think about the idea that the united states is leading to thinking about questions about democracy .
in our efforts for democracy , we &apos;ve done our thing really well , and i think we would do good things in the future .
we don &apos;t have the situation , like it &apos;s in the case of iran , where a man who &apos;s drawn sexually to other men with the death of death , because it &apos;s ready to participate in a position of life , which case he can stay alive .
we don &apos;t exist in conditions like this .
i &apos;m happy to tell you that we don &apos;t have these states -- a surgeon that i talked about a few years ago , who had had a couple of previous twins twins to separate them , partly to make a name .
but when i went to him with him , and he asked him why he did these interventions -- they were very high surgeries -- was his answer , in his country , these kids would be very sick , and therefore he had to do it .
and i said to him , &quot; well , well , well , have you turned political views rather than an operation to separate them ? &quot;
the united states offer incredible opportunities to allow people to be the ones they are without without having to change the state of the world .
that &apos;s why i think we need to be leaders .
all right , just to finish , i want to notice that i &apos;ve talked very much about the fathers .
and i want to think about the possibilities of democracy , or looked like democracy , if we had the welfare more .
and i want to say something that is a bit more a feminist feminist , and i think that there are different kinds of insights that are caused by different types of evolution that are caused by different types of evolution , when people are using an online solution .
since since years , because i was interested in conservation , i &apos;ve been interested in research in research in research .
and one of the things that i really found interesting is the difference between men and women in ways that they think and work in the world .
what we &apos;ve learned from early studies is that women , average average -- not each other , but in average -- more importantly , complex social relationships and the care for people who are vulnerable in the group , they have a lot of attention .
and so , if we think about it , we have an interesting situation before us .
years ago , when i asked a graduate student , one of my favorite students who had my interest in feminism -- i considered myself as a feminist , so it &apos;s a really curious question .
he said , &quot; tell me what feminism is about . &quot;
and i thought , &quot; well , that &apos;s the dumbest question i &apos;ve ever heard .
feminism is also about about stereotypes about gender , so feminism is not female .
but the more i thought about his question , for the other time , i thought there could be something about feminism in feminism .
that means that there might be something , on average average , which tells women of brains of human beings to tell us how to make a difference for social social relations , and make care of the interest .
so where the founding fathers were highly adept at finding how individuals could be protected by the state , it &apos;s possible that when we put more mothers in this concept , we &apos;re more likely to protect it , but just as we could care for each other .
and perhaps that &apos;s where we need to go to the future when we think about anatomy -- we think less about the individual bodies of identity , and we think more about relationships .
so that when we try to make a more connected connection , we &apos;re thinking about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i &apos;m a gamer , and this is my suitcase .
but before i show you what i &apos;ve got in this , i &apos;m going to make a very public confession , and that &apos;s : i &apos;m obsessed with free-style .
i love it for every opportunity to find another kind of alternative , crazy outfit , to be able to sit and sit on the last time and offer them .
but i don &apos;t buy anything new .
i get all my clothes from the hand hand on a hand hand , and i &apos;m going to get out .
ooh , thank you .
it allows me to reduce the impact of my favorite impact on the environment , and also on the purse of my purse .
i meet all kinds of great people ; my dollars for a regular purpose , i look pretty unique , and i make a shopping job in my own personal life project .
i mean , what will i find today ?
will it be my size ?
will i like the color ?
will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
if all the answers answer it , i feel like i won .
i come back to my suitcase , and i tell you what i &apos;ve been working on for this exciting week here at ted .
i mean , what does someone do with so many of these ?
so i &apos;m going to show you exactly what i brought with .
i brought up a couple of heads &apos; underwear , and that &apos;s all .
put up for the one one week , everything i &apos;ve done in my suitcase .
i &apos;ve bet that i &apos;m going to do everything i &apos;d like to wear , if i first came to palm springs .
and because you haven &apos;t heard about me than the woman who runs here in ted in your underwear , that &apos;s what i &apos;ve found a couple of things .
and i want to show you my favorite show for this week .
sounds that good ?
while i do that , i &apos;m going to leave you with some of the lessons that i believe if you don &apos;t believe or don &apos;t have learned anything like that , you have nothing to wear .
let &apos;s start with sunday .
i call this the luminous tigers .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money looking for great .
you can almost be great for less than 50 dollars .
this whole outfit , including the jacket , got me 55 , and it was the most expensive piece that i &apos;ve been wearing all over the week .
monday : color is a powerful thing .
it &apos;s almost physiological impossible to be bad if you wear your pants pants .
when you &apos;re happy , you get other happy people .
tuesday : it &apos;s going to be completely gratuitous .
i spent a lot of time my life spent trying to be myself and to adapt to the same time .
just be who you are .
if you surrounded them with the right people , you &apos;re not going to understand it , you &apos;ll appreciate it .
wednesday : embrace your inner child .
sometimes people say to me , i &apos;d like to do dress , or i remember her watching her seven-year-old .
i smile , and i say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
thursday : confidence is the key .
if you think you &apos;re looking at something good , it &apos;s almost safe .
and if you think you don &apos;t look good , you probably have it right .
i grew up with a mother who taught me the day for day .
but only when i was 30 , i really understood what that means .
and i &apos;m going to wrap that up for you .
if you believe that you &apos;re inside and you &apos;re a wonderful person , there &apos;s nothing you can &apos;t wear .
so there &apos;s no excuse for anyone here in this audience .
we should be able to do everything we want .
thank you .
friday : a universal truth -- five words : golden noise fit to everything .
and eventually , saturday : a way to develop unique , personal style , is a great way of telling the world a little bit without telling a word .
and i &apos;ve always been able to get over and over again , when this week came to me , just just because of what i was wearing , and i had great conversations .
obviously , it &apos;s not going to fit into my little suitcase .
so before i go home to brooklyn , i &apos;m going to donate that back to you .
because the lesson that i &apos;m trying to try and study this week is that it &apos;s okay to go .
i don &apos;t have to make these things emotionally emotionally because it &apos;s going to be another kind of crazy , gentler , disruptive outfit that are just waiting for me when i love a little bit in the heart , and it &apos;s looking for it .
thank you very much .
thank you .
good afternoon , all together .
i have something i want to show you .
think of this as a weapon of wood , flying flying flying .
this is what we call in our lab , called design design .
let me tell you a little bit about this .
now , if you take this picture -- i &apos;m originally italian , and every boy in italy is growing with this picture in his room , but the reason i &apos;m showing you this , which has been something very interesting in the last few decades .
a couple of years ago , it was like if you wanted to win a formula to take a job , then you took your budget and put money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , they won the race .
now today , if you want to win a race , actually , like this one -- something that is driving the car in real time , some thousands of sensors , the information from the car , which is able to transfer information to the system , and apply it to the system , and use it to work in the real world .
this would be what they call , in a call , a call call .
and basically , it &apos;s a system that &apos;s made out of two parts -- a kind of a part of a time and a half .
what &apos;s interesting today is that the computer structure is beginning to emerge in our lives .
our cities have been equipped with the last few years , working with networks and electronics .
they become the computer in the free .
and as a computer in the free , they begin to react to other ways , they &apos;re experienced and powered .
if we grow cities , it &apos;s actually a big thing .
by the way , i want to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth &apos;s land , but 50 percent of the world &apos;s population is living .
they &apos;re 75 percent of the country &apos;s disease -- cause 80 percent of co2 emissions .
so if we do something with the cities , that &apos;s a big thing .
beyond the cities , all of this is going to take all this sense and drive in the objects of the everyday life .
this is from an exhibition , paola paola antonelli for moma in a year , during the summer , organized .
it &apos;s called &quot; talk with me . &quot;
well , all our objects , our environment , begin to talk to us back .
in a certain sense , it &apos;s almost like any atom out there is two , a sensor and a half .
and that changes radically the interaction that we have people with our environment .
in a way , it &apos;s almost like the old dream of michelangelo ...
you know , when michelangelo created the moses , &quot; does it mean that he took the hammer at the end and put it on moses -- you can still see a little bit of a look , and said , &quot; hey , huh ? &quot;
well today , our environment begins for the first time to answer us .
i &apos;m just going to show you some examples -- again , to understand the idea of our environment .
let &apos;s start with that .
now the first project i want to introduce you in is actually one of our first computers in our lab .
it took me four and a half years ago in italy .
and what we &apos;ve done , actually , is to use a new kind of network , which was used all over the world -- this is a media factory -- and anonymous and anonymous information from that network that are going to be collected by the operators to understand how the city works .
the summer was a happy summer -- 2006 .
it was a italy as italy .
some of you will remember that it was played in italy for the arts in france , and then at the end of the end , the world &apos;s office .
and anyway , italy has ended up in the end .
now you see what happened in this day , just when it happens to the activity that &apos;s happening in the network .
here you see the city .
you see in the middle of the middle , you know , you know , the most talkative .
in the morning , before the game .
you see the timeline .
early afternoon , people here and there , the phone &apos;s going to do and move .
the game starts -- silence .
france makes a gate . italy makes a gate .
so people , make a short phone call , go to toilet .
second point of view . end up at the normal time .
first , second , second .
baby security , in a moment of instant war .
italy . yeah .
well , in this night , everybody went to the center to celebrate .
they saw the big rash .
the next day , all the center went to the center of the day and the prime minister at the same time .
and then all the down went down .
you look at the picture of space space , where , since the roman time , people will go to celebration -- to have a big party , and you see the key at the end of the day .
now , this is just one example of how we can feel the city today , in a way we couldn &apos;t do it a few years ago .
again , another example of it : it &apos;s not about people , but for things that we use and consume .
well today , we know all about our things coming out .
this is a map that shows you all the chips , which is a mac computer how they came together .
but we just know little things about where the things go .
so in this project , we actually designed some small markers to track the trash while it goes through the system .
so we started with some volunteers who were helping us a little bit more than a year , seattle , trying to highlight the things that they were doing -- different types of things , as you can see -- things that they would throw away in them .
and then we have the small chips , the little brands on the crap and the beginning to track it .
here are the results we &apos;ve just got to do .
of seattle ...
after a week .
with that information , we realized that there &apos;s a lot of waste in the system .
we can do the same things in doing less energy .
the data was not available before .
but that &apos;s going to happen a lot of more complicated and complicated things .
but the other thing is , we think that if we see every day , the cup that we throw away is not just disappears , it &apos;s still somewhere on the planet .
and the plastic bottle that we still throw away every day still .
and if we &apos;re going to show that to people , we can move forward behavior change .
so that &apos;s the reason for this project .
my colleague at mit , at the bedside , was able to tell you a lot more about that , and the many other wonderful things that you can do with it , but i &apos;d like to talk to you about the second part that we discussed in the beginning , and that &apos;s the most important part of our environment .
and the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago in northern california , spain .
it started with a question of the question that he came up with , and said that spain and engineering were a beautiful tradition to use in new places of water as a part of architecture .
and the question was : how could you connect technology , new technology ?
and one of the ideas that were going on with a little bit of a time was , you know , imagine these tubes and valves and valves , valves , work , open up and close .
they cause them to do a little bit of a water bag with water from water .
if these fall fall down , you can write it , you can pattern patterns , images , text .
and you can approach it , and it &apos;s going to open up to make them look , as you can see on this picture .
well , we introduced the mayor of roman .
he really loved him .
and we got the mission to design a building in the entrance side of the expo .
we called it the digital water system .
the whole building was water .
there are no doors or windows , but if you &apos;re approaching it , it will open open and open it .
the roof was also covered with water .
and when it &apos;s windy when you &apos;re going to reduce that syringes , you can even release the roof .
or you could close the building , and the whole architecture will be , like in this case , you know , these days , if you put the roof , you get pictures of people who were there and say , &quot; they &apos;ve broken the building . &quot;
no , they didn &apos;t kill the building ; it &apos;s just the fact that architecture architecture almost disappears .
here you see how the building works .
you see the person who asks what &apos;s going on inside .
and here you see me when i tried to test the sensors that opened the water , not going to get wet .
now , should i tell you what one night happened when all the sensors stopped .
but actually , this night , there was another lot of fun .
all the kids coming out of the building came to the building , because the way they were playing with the building was very different .
no longer a building that would open open to take them , but a building that had still been broken and holes in water , you had to jump jump through .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as a architect , engineers , as a designer , we always think about how people used to use things that we design .
but reality is always unpredictable .
and this is the beautiful thing to create things that will be used and interact with people .
now , here &apos;s a picture of the building with the physical body tissue , the water from the water and the projections on that .
and this is what we &apos;ve got to think about the following project that i &apos;m going to show you now .
imagine these computer technologies could really start to fly .
imagine you could have little helicopter flying through the air , and every one of them with a little bit of light with light light -- almost like a cloud that can move through the room .
here &apos;s the video .
imagine a helicopter , like the one you saw earlier , that moves along with another , totally in synchrony .
you can have this cloud .
you can have a kind of a screen screen or display display , like these -- a smooth formation in two dimensions .
or infrequently , in three dimensions , which is what changes , the light , is not the position of the fittest .
you can play with different species .
imagine the screen could just appear in different layers of magnitude or sizes , in different ways of view .
but then it could just be a 3d cloud out of the street that you can go to , and go through the way that you can move through the way that you can look at many , many directions .
you can see here a real computer machine , which is a computer sponge to form a kind of a v alley like this before .
if you turn light on , it looks like this . so that &apos;s how we &apos;ve seen it before .
imagine that every single person will be controlled .
it could have a momentum of each individual that comes from people , from the movements of people or something like that .
i want to show you a little bit here about first of all .
we were working with a lot of work , a lot of the time we were working at the time , at the time , at the metropolitan theater in new york and the scale in milan -- we took his movements into 3d to use it as a impulse for the automobile wheels .
here you see dancing dancing .
on the left side , you see the most popular , the different sensory sensations .
it &apos;s a high-speed and a half time in the same time .
so you can feel the whole movement .
you can do that all the time .
but then , once we have all of them , you can play with it and play color with color and color .
that &apos;s what we want to do as a kind of impulse for the use of consumption .
i want to show you the latest project that we &apos;re working on .
it &apos;s something we &apos;re working for for the olympics in london .
it &apos;s called the cloud -- the cloud .
now , the idea is , imagine what we &apos;re trying to do with the people in the world to do something and to change the environment -- almost like something that we call it a little bit of a process , but put it into a cloud , but with a cloud .
imagine that everyone can give a little donation to a car donation .
i think the remarkable thing about the last last years , the last decades , is that we have changed from a physical world to a digital world .
that has digitized all of you , knowledge , and makes it accessible to the internet .
today , we can take the first time -- and the campaign obama has shown this -- we can come from the digital world , which is changing the forces of the networks of the physical world .
that can be , in our case , we &apos;re using it to design and create a symbol .
this is what something built in the city .
but tomorrow , it can take us to make the next challenges -- think about climate change or co2 emissions -- how can we move from the digital world to physical change .
so the idea is that we actually put the people into the people that they &apos;re doing things together , collective leaders .
the cloud comes back from a cloud , like the real cloud of a cloud of particles .
and these particles are water , while our cloud is a cloud of wood .
it &apos;s a physical form in london , but covered with trees .
they can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .
you can actually see it at the bottom of the world , and share the most important moments for the 2012 2012 and more , and it &apos;s kind of a connection to the community .
so both the physical cloud in the sky , and some of the top can be able to go out of the city of london .
you can get in .
and a kind of digital digital theater in the night -- but as a result , a new kind of experience for all of you who want to go to the top .
thank you .
as a performer , the relationship is very important .
through my work , i &apos;m trying to express that people are not separated from nature , and that everything is connected to each other .
the first time i was in antarctica , when i saw my first 8 year-old watch .
i suffered awe .
my heart sank , i was devastated , while i was trying to grasp what was going on .
the double around around me was almost 60 feet away from water , and i was just struck by that that a snowflake on a different snowflake was year year .
so , hurricane climbing will be born as calf and one of the glaciers , by moving out out of scratch .
each iceberg has its own individual personality .
they interact with a different way with their environment and their experiences .
some refuse refusing to stand up and protect up to the bitter end , while others don &apos;t get more secure and in a more dramatic passion .
if you look at a iceberg , you think you &apos;re easy to be isolated , separate and alone , as we see people often see .
but the truth is far away from that .
as a iceberg , ice melts , i cut it down to its sacred atmosphere .
during the iceberg , when it iceberg , it lifts water drinking water that feeds lots of life .
i &apos;m going to go back to my footage this as i am making portraits of my ancestors in consciousness that they exist in these individual moments of life and never exist again .
it &apos;s not a death if you melt it ; it &apos;s not the end , but it &apos;s a base of your trunk of the cycle cycle .
part of the ice in the ice industry that i &apos;m seeing is very young -- a thousand thousand years old .
and part of the ice is more than 100,000 years old .
and the last images i &apos;d like to show you is a iceberg that i &apos;ve put in greenland in greenland .
very rarely , you actually have an x-ray iceberg .
here you see it now .
on the left side , you see a little boat .
that &apos;s about five meters long .
please look at the shape of the iceberg and where it &apos;s on the front of the iceberg .
you can see here , it starts moving , and the boat has moved to the other side , the man stands there .
that &apos;s the average size of a solar ball .
it reaches about 120 feet from the water , or 40 feet .
and this video is in real time .
and just like that , it shows you a different side of its personality .
thank you .
my life is really really blessed with the amazing project of some amazing projects .
but at the coolest thing i &apos;ve ever worked on , it &apos;s about this guy .
his name is fide .
the first one was a member of the leading 1980s in the &apos; 80s .
then , one day , he came from walking and said , &quot; whoa , my legs . &quot;
and that was the outbreak of that .
now it &apos;s completely paralyzed today .
he can only use his eyes .
i stood up with him .
i have a company that design design and animations , and actually , suddenly , there &apos;s a complex part of what we &apos;re looking at in the world world and listen .
and so we decided to tony tony -- and -- to support his thing .
i met with his father and his brother and said , &quot; we &apos;ll give you this money .
what are you going to do with it ? &quot;
and his brother said , &quot; i want to talk to tony again .
i just want to leave myself with him and i said , &quot; wait this time , isn &apos;t that -- i &apos;ve seen stephen hawking , can &apos;t communicate all the paralyzed people through these devices ? &quot;
and he said , &quot; no , just if you heard about a lot of high hearing and have a remarkable insurance , you can actually do that .
normal people are not available to these devices . &quot;
and i said , &quot; how do you communicate with that ? &quot;
did anybody have seen the movie &quot; butterfly and &quot; plumbing ? &quot;
this is how they communicate -- so they &apos;re walking along your fingers .
i said , &quot; well , how can it be ? &quot;
so i came with a need to take just just a check , and instead i hired a check , which i didn &apos;t know the smallest idea of how to intervene .
i put myself in the place and his face to his brother and his father -- with the words , &quot; well , my suggestion is this : tony will talk , we &apos;ll get him a machine , and we &apos;ll find a way that he can make his art again .
because it &apos;s a farce that someone who &apos;s all wearing it still can &apos;t communicate . &quot;
so i spoke to a conference after a few months later .
i met these people from the , , the research research lab , and they have a technology that allows them to put a light on every surface , and then put it on a piece of light that &apos;s just going to show the negative area .
so they &apos;re walking around , making things like this .
they say that all things that are shown up there , a life cycle .
it starts with the intelligence player , then the result of the treatment , then the end of the treatment , and the final people , actually , are actually doing art .
but there was always a life cycle in your presentation .
so i went home , and i ate with my wife , and i told her about all of us , and we thought , &quot; well , second time , if you have this technology , that you can use your eyes to control things , then we should find a way that the laser can drive a laser .
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , about a year , a couple of organization , a lot of organization and a lot of things , and we &apos;ve done some things .
first of all , we &apos;ve sent the insurance companies to the doors , and actually actually have a device to get a device that he can communicate -- a stephen flu .
it was incredible .
and he &apos;s really extreme funny -- i call it a plea , because you talk to him , or get an email , and you think , &quot; i &apos;m so busy , this guy is incredible . &quot;
also , we have seven programmers out of all the world -- literally from all the corners of the world -- to us home .
my wife , my kids , and i pulled up in the garage , and these hackers and programmers and squash and pajamas have taken our house .
many of our friends thought that we were beautiful stupid to do that , and that we were looking at all the images , and all the images on the walls would be a little bit more mature .
but for about two weeks , we &apos;ve been programming , we went to the street in venice , my children were involved , my dog , and we created this one .
it &apos;s called mud , and you can see the description .
this is a cheap air vessel that we bought at the base of venice , a little bit of paper , and a bunch of things out of the store store , and the internet shop .
we took a car scan , and we put them up , you put it on a car station , and now we have a device that &apos;s available for free -- you can build it yourself , we can build the code for free , the software can buy free free .
so we have created a device that &apos;s completely freely constraints .
no insurance can do it .
not a hospital .
every paralyzed person can actually communicate with his eyes or draw .
thank you .
thank you very much . that was incredible .
so at the end of the two weeks , we went back into the room room .
i love this picture because it &apos;s the room of someone else , and that &apos;s his room .
there &apos;s all of these non-zero-sum points from the great unveiling .
and after about a year of planning , two weeks of film , a week , and the next night , drew tony back to the first time seven years ago .
and this is an amazing picture , because this is his life support system , and it &apos;s going to look around his life support system .
we noticed his bed so that he can see out out there .
we put a projector on the ground against a wall of the internet center at the hospital .
and he drew back for the first time , in the family of his family and friends -- and you can just imagine what a feeling that was in the parking lot .
but we also had to go into the parking lot in the parking lot , so we felt so much as a part of the world .
at the end , he would give us an email from this : &quot; for the first time , i &apos;ve been doing something like seven years . &quot;
i feel that i was going under the water , and finally , someone got up to the bottom and put my head up so i can breathe . &quot;
isn &apos;t mind-blowing ?
this is sort of like our ours .
that keeps us going on and on and on and on and on .
and we need to improve a little bit of this device .
it &apos;s an amazing device , but it &apos;s going to be a second one .
and somebody who has such a potential potential makes it much more .
so we &apos;re trying to figure out how to make it better , faster and stronger .
since that time , we &apos;ve all been able to get out of recognition .
we won a couple of awards .
remember , it &apos;s free , none of us deserve it .
it &apos;s all from our own pockets .
so the awards were , &quot; oh , that &apos;s fantastic . &quot;
armstrong went on us and then , in december , we &apos;ve been honored by the ultimate world , one of the 50 best inventions of 2010 , which was really great .
the thing that &apos;s happening is that -- and this includes all the circle -- that it &apos;s that april , in the middle of the los angeles , in the los angeles city , to show an example , &quot; kind of the phrase . &quot;
and there will be so much the toughest representatives of the world &apos;s pool of data that are going to be -- you know , , you know , a lot of people , you know -- all these guys are going to be there .
it &apos;s going to be part of the show , which is quite wild .
so basically , i &apos;m about : if you see something that &apos;s impossible , then you can do it .
all of this in this room was impossible -- this stage , this computer , this microphone , the climate change -- it was not possible at any point .
make it possible -- all of you here .
i &apos;m not a programmer , and i &apos;ve never had anything to do with anything , but i &apos;ve just been able to get something , and i &apos;m surrounded by amazing people , so that we could put something on the legs .
and this question would be to ask each of you , and every single day , where you make something that &apos;s going to be done , if not now , when then , when do i do , and if i don &apos;t , who ?
thank you .
so , i &apos;m writing for kids , and i &apos;m probably america &apos;s most painful of the most vulnerable .
and i always tell people that i don &apos;t want to come out of the scientist as a scientist .
you can have me as a farmer , or in leather , but no one has ever voted farmers .
today i want to tell you about circles and centuries .
well , you know , an epiphany is usually something that you find , because you &apos;ve left it somewhere .
you go around the block and it took it as a revelation .
this is a painting of a circle .
one of my friends has done it -- richard richard .
it &apos;s the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you today .
my circle began in the &apos; 60s in the &apos; 60s , in ohio , ohio , where i was the main student .
i was the one who took every week in the green green and blue , until a teacher saved my life .
she saved my life by making me go to the bathroom .
she did .
she did it for three years .
and i had to go away from the city .
i had a thumb ; i had 85 dollars , and i went to san francisco in california -- and i found an lover -- and then in the &apos; 80s , i found it to work on a piece of work .
about three or four years ago , i got a call from the night from the teacher to a teacher , who said , &quot; i have to see you .
i &apos;m sad that we never know each other as adults .
can you come to ohio , and please join them with the man i know you &apos;ve found .
and i should mention that i &apos;ve got a sanitary pad , and i want you to go away . &quot;
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
we looked at them , we laughed , we cried , and we knew that they had to be in a hospice .
we found one for them , we took them up , and we took care of them , and we gave them eight , because it was needed .
it was something we knew to do .
and just as the woman who knew me as a adults , he wanted to learn me , she turned into a box full of ashes and got caught in my hands .
what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and the revelation of which i talked about .
the revelation is that death is a part of life .
she saved my life , and my partner and i saved her .
and you know , this part of life needs everything that needs the rest of life .
he needs truth and beauty , and i &apos;m so glad that this is so often here .
he needs the same way -- he needs to love , love and pleasure , and it &apos;s to us to give these things .
thank you .
now , imagine a big explosion , as you go up to 1,000 feet up .
imagine a plane full of smoke .
imagine a crime engine , the internet industry , the world , the world , the world , the design , the most , you know , a lot of power , the power of power , the power of power , the power of power .
this sounds scared .
well , i had a unique place on this day ; i sat on chairs .
i was the only one who was going to talk to me .
so i looked at them , and they said , &quot; no problem , we have a couple of birds caught up . &quot;
the pilot had been doing this machine , and we were not so far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened .
the pilot set up the machine to the hudson river .
that &apos;s usually not the route .
he &apos;s turning the engines off .
imagine an airplane at a time .
and then he said three words -- the second words i &apos;ve ever heard .
he says , &quot; nope . &quot;
i didn &apos;t have to talk to the geneticists .
i could see it in their eyes , because it was horror , life was too close .
so i want to share with you three things that i learned about this day .
i learned that in a moment , everything is different .
we have this kind of model , we have these things that we want to do in life , and i thought about all the people that i wanted to make a hand , and it didn &apos;t work , all the fences that i wanted to do , and all the experiences that i wanted to do and never did .
while i thought about it later , i said , &quot; i collect bad wines , &quot; i collect bad wines .
because if the wine is there , and the person is there , then i open it up .
i never want to change anything in life .
and that urgency , this goal , changed my life really .
the second thing that i learned from this day -- and that was when we got the george washington bridge lab , pretty much around the world -- and i thought , man , there &apos;s one thing i really did .
i had a good life .
in my own humanity and with my mistakes , i &apos;m going to get better to get better in everything i &apos;m doing .
but in my humanity , i also had my ego room .
and i &apos;m spending the time that i wasted nuclear stuff , with people who live something .
and i thought about the relationship with my wife , with friends , to people .
and after that , when i thought about it , i decided to ban negative energy from my life .
it &apos;s not perfect , but it &apos;s much better .
i didn &apos;t have two years with my wife .
it feels great .
i &apos;m not trying to be right , i decide to be happy .
the third thing i learned -- and during the internal clock , &quot; 15 , 14 , 13 , ... &quot;
you see the water coming .
i said , &quot; please go into the air . &quot;
i don &apos;t want that thing to be in 20 parts as you know it in a documentary .
while we saw jesus , i had this feeling , man , to die , that &apos;s not terrifying .
it &apos;s almost like we &apos;re preparing for our lives long .
but it was very sad .
i didn &apos;t want to go ; i love my life .
and that sadness , in fact , really reflect in one thought , which is that i just want to do one thing .
i just wish i could see my kids growing up .
about a month later , i went to visit a friend of my daughter -- illiterate , not a lot of fun talent ...
... not yet .
and i &apos;m like , i &apos;m like a little kid .
and in the world , everything made sense of me .
and i realized by the time that i was telling the dots that it &apos;s just about a great father to live in life .
more than anything , everything else is my only goal in life , a good father .
i didn &apos;t have the miracle of dying that day .
i got another gift , which is to look in the future and come back and live differently .
my call to all that today is flying , imagine that the same thing happens on your flight -- don &apos;t -- but think about it , and how would you change ? and how would you change ?
what would they do , which they &apos;re going to do , because they think they &apos;d always be there ?
how would they change their relationships and the negative energy in it ?
and more than anything , are you the best parents that you can only be ?
thank you .
the idea behind the temporal lobe is quite quite simple .
we don &apos;t want iran to build the bomb .
the most important post for the nuclear weapon is the weapon of nuclear weapons machines .
the gray boxes you see here are these .
now , if we &apos;re able to do the systems that are able to control the amount of food and the valves , and then we can actually do a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these gray boxes don &apos;t walk with golf ; they &apos;re based on a completely different technology .
but if we create that an effective weapon on a laptop system is used to be used by a car cell to make these gray box , and then we &apos;re in business .
and this is planning on front of you .
so we &apos;re starting with a spray of glass .
the gap will go into the gray box , push the centrifuge and the iranian investment system , to take care of it -- mission effort .
that &apos;s a piece of water , right ?
i want to tell you how we found this .
when we started our research , six months ago , it was completely unknown , which was a sense of purpose and purpose of this thing .
the only thing we knew is very , very complicated , which was the most important part , which was the most important part , and made made by tens of thousands of random mouths of cash .
and it seemed something like this , with these gray boxes , this crane .
and we took our attention , and we started a project project that we were putting up with our environment with the infected infected , and we built this construct .
and then something weird happened .
and actually , it was like a football machine that didn &apos;t like our cheese -- it &apos;s running off , but he didn &apos;t want to eat it .
in fact , that made no sense in my eyes .
and after we were experimenting with different kinds of cheese , i was told that this was an unfair attack .
totally focused on a particular goal .
the most consistent thing on the gray box looks like a special configuration is discovered , even if the special program that &apos;s trying to infect you on this goal .
and if it doesn &apos;t , it doesn &apos;t do anything .
so that really was my interest , and we started working on it , almost around the clock , because i thought , well , we don &apos;t know what the goal is .
it may be , let &apos;s say , an example of an american american power station , or one of the things in germany .
so we should better find out what the goal is .
so we &apos;re looking at the software code , and we found out that it &apos;s universal in the digital digital warheads -- a smaller and a bigger one .
and we also noticed that they were constructed very professional , people who obviously had all the information available to them .
they knew all kinds of bits and pieces that they had to attack .
in fact , they even knew the most talkative of the war .
so they knew everything .
and if you &apos;ve already noticed that the production of the complex is complex and high-tech , let me tell you : the world science is a science for itself .
it &apos;s much more difficult than anything we &apos;ve ever seen .
here &apos;s a clip from this code code .
we &apos;re talking here -- about 15,000 lines of code .
looks pretty like , again , ancient warfare .
and i want to tell you how we were able to be smart from this code .
so for the first time we were looking for , we were supposed to be more popular potatoes , because we know what this thing was doing .
and then we looked for stone and we were trying to connect these to the real world -- with potential targets in the real world .
so we needed theories about these goals that we could prove or measure .
to make these theories , let &apos;s tell ourselves that it &apos;s definitely about the world &apos;s environment , it has to be a destination goal , and it &apos;s very likely to be in iran because there are most infections that are reported .
now , in this area , there are not several thousand goals .
essentially , it &apos;s about the nuclear nuclear power industry , and it &apos;s on the surface of the solar industry .
so i said to my assistant , &quot; let me give you a list of all the experts for environmental and power plants . &quot;
and i called them up , and i knew their knowledge to compare their expertise to what we found in the code and in the data .
and that worked very well .
so , it was us possible to bring the little digital computer interface with us in the world .
and the rotor side is this moving part within the centrifuge , this black object that you see .
and if you manipulate the speed of this measure , then you can actually break the rotor rotor , and then even try to explode the centrifuge .
what we also discovered is that the goal of the attack actually was to make it slow and scary -- obviously to allow us to go back and try and try to restore the seti , so that they wouldn &apos;t be able to get away with it .
the big digital media project -- we got a glimpse of where we looked at the very right and the data .
so , for example , the number of information points are very clear from this code ; you can &apos;t miss it .
i began to write scientific literature , about how these sculptures were built in the factory factory , and found out that they &apos;re structured , in a vacuum tube , and each of them has a little range of light systems .
so that made sense , it fit together .
and it got better .
these migratory events in iran are divided up in 15 called 1,000 levels .
and guess what we found in the cafeterias ?
almost identical shape .
so again , that really made together .
and this gave us great confidence that we studied here .
now , don &apos;t get me wrong , it wasn &apos;t just like that .
these results have been done by several weeks of hard work .
and often we just ran into a dead , and we had to collect ourselves .
anyway , what we found is that both digital digital warheads are essentially based on one and the same goal , but from different directions .
and the little layer of paper takes over a carbon tube , and picks up the rotors and slowed it up , and the big wave of wood is starting to put up with six layers of interaction in interactions and skin valves .
so , in large , and we &apos;re very confident that we actually have what the goal is .
it &apos;s sexist , and it &apos;s just symbolism .
so , we don &apos;t have to worry that other goals could be met by the first thing .
here &apos;s something really cool stuff that we discovered -- made me really made out of socks .
there &apos;s the gray box there , and there &apos;s the top box on top .
now , what this thing does is that it uses the same value of sensors in sensors -- so , for example , and the internet code -- and it &apos;s called code code that &apos;s used at the same time with the parallel line , the same line of data .
and in fact , this is the wrong line of data that &apos;s been done before it &apos;s done .
so it &apos;s kind of like in southern school , where in the &apos; 60s , it &apos;s fed up by the bioluminescent bed of the bioluminescent bed .
that &apos;s cool , right ?
now , the idea here is not just the ones that are in the control room .
in fact , it &apos;s much more dangerous and aggressive .
and the idea is to render a digital digital microscope .
we need digital computer systems where we can &apos;t respond to a human brain , fast fast .
so in a power station , for example , if the big oil industry is going to grow up , you have to open up carbon dioxide in milliseconds .
of course , this can &apos;t be done by a human type of disease .
so at this point we need digital digital technology .
and if you &apos;re at risk , really bad things can happen .
the power station can explode .
and not the most sacred , even the most playful , it &apos;s going to notice .
this is frightening .
but it gets worse .
and what i &apos;m saying now is very important .
think about it . this attack is an airplane attack .
he doesn &apos;t have special specifically to do with the sales , with a football game .
so , for example , it would work so well -- in a power station or in a solar station .
it &apos;s transformational .
and you don &apos;t have to -- -- as the attacker -- you don &apos;t have to put the point on the front of the stick , as we &apos;ve seen at the microscope .
you could also use ordinary smart technology to spread .
you have to spread it as far as possible .
and if you do that , then you get a more painful patch of data .
that &apos;s the consequence we have to ask .
so unfortunately , the biggest number of goals are not supposed to be in the middle east .
they &apos;re in the united states , europe and japan .
so all these green areas , these are the richest environments .
we have to confront the consequences , and we &apos;re going to get better .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , it became a lot of that reported that people assume that the smartest thing is behind it .
you know , is it your opinion ?
okay , you really want to know that ?
yes . okay .
in my opinion , the opinion is involved , but the driving force is not israel .
so the driving force is behind the most superpower superpower .
there &apos;s only one and these are the united states -- luckily , luckily .
because otherwise the problem would be even bigger .
thank you so much for having us .
i &apos;ve spent the last few years trying to put myself in situations that normally are very difficult and really dangerous .
i went to prison -- hard .
i worked on a working machine -- dangerous .
i was filming in difficult -- hard and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days trying to eat nothing like this -- fun at the beginning , a little bit hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
in fact , i &apos;ve been fascinated by the most part of my career , looking at ancient situations , and that &apos;s all about trying to study social sciences , which is compelling and interesting , and hopefully in a way to understand what makes them fun and accessible .
so when i knew that i would come here to look at a tedtalk of the world of the world and the ted scientist , i knew i &apos;d make something a little different .
some of you may have heard that a couple of weeks ago , i showed an ad on ebay .
i sent out a couple of pieces , a couple of pieces of wood , and i gave people the opportunity to go back to my tedtalk the day of 2011 .
in fact , some happy people and companies , mating and advertisers , have a unique opportunity -- because i &apos;m sure chris anderson will never let it go to the end of the talk that you just see , which is not a title of a lot of content , and not a lot of evidence .
so what you &apos;ve got was this : your name here : my tedtalk , who you don &apos;t have to know what the topic is going to be , and that you could be able to fly to the ears , especially if i could make their company stupid for their participation .
but again , it &apos;s a very good media opportunity .
do you know how many people look at these tedtalks ?
a lot of things .
that &apos;s just the most popular one .
so despite this warning , i knew that anybody would buy the buy .
if you asked me this one year ago , i would not have been able to tell you this .
but in the new project i work on , my new film , we study the world of marketing , the advertising .
as i said , i &apos;ve been working in some pretty awful situations in some years , but nothing could prepare me , none of them to be able to do something so difficult and as dangerous as these guys in a room .
you know , i had the idea for a film .
what i want to do is take a film around the street , the marketing , and advertising , where the whole film is funded by the sales of the marketing , marketing and advertising .
and the film will be called &quot; the haverpiece pattern of the anterior cingulate gyrus . &quot;
so what &apos;s going to happen to &quot; the origins of the most potent consumerism consumerism , &quot; is that everything from top to bottom , from the beginning to the end , has been stuck with brands -- from the top of you that you see in the movie , that &apos;s the brand of a brand .
now this brand , the grand stadium , the center center .
these people are going to be connected to the film in eternity -- forever .
and so the film will look at this whole idea -- that &apos;s what ? in eternity , for always ?
i &apos;m a second person .
this was more sensitive .
it was &quot; in eternity , forever . &quot;
but we &apos;re not just going to have the brand x x , but we &apos;ll make sure we &apos;re going to sell any possible category in the movie .
so we might sell a shoe , and it will be the greatest shoe that you &apos;ve ever worn ...
the greatest car that you &apos;re ever going to do is from &quot; the most cosmopolitan , &quot; more cosmopolitan , &quot; the greatest drink that you &apos;ve ever had , a attention of &quot; the iliad . &quot;
so the idea is , except to show that brands are a part of life , actually , to get them to finance the film ?
and we actually show the whole process of how it works .
the goal of the whole film is transparency .
you &apos;ll see the whole thing in the movie of networks .
so this is the whole concept , the whole film , from beginning to end .
and i would be happy to do that if you could help make this happen .
you know , it &apos;s funny , because when i first heard it , it &apos;s the ultimate respect for the audience .
i don &apos;t know how resourceful people are going to be .
do you have a perspective -- i don &apos;t want to use &quot; perspective , &quot; because that has a negative effect -- but you know how this is going to happen ?
how much money does it need to realize that ?
1.5 million .
i think it &apos;s hard to meet you , but i think it &apos;s definitely worth giving some really familiar brands .
who knows when the film comes out , we might look like a whole bunch of wooden types .
what do you think the answer will be ?
the answer will be most likely &quot; no . &quot;
but is it a tough thing about the film or a hard thing about it ?
jk : both .
... so means not that optimistic .
so , sir , can you help me ? i need help .
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to think about what brands are .
yes .
if you look at the people you &apos;ve got to do it ...
there are some places we can turn to .
take the camera out .
i thought , &quot; look at the camera , &quot; would mean that we wanted to have a business system .
it turns out it really meant , &quot; we want to do nothing with your film . &quot;
and just all of these companies , one after another .
no one wanted to do something about the film .
i was amazed .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything with the project .
and i was confused , because i thought the whole concept , the idea of advertising , is to show your product as many people as possible , and so many people like this .
especially in the world today , with this intersection of new and ancient media and the media media media -- it &apos;s not the idea of being in this new exciting technology that the crowd is taking this message .
no , that was what i thought .
but you see , the problem was that my idea had a little mistake , and that was the following .
actually no , that wasn &apos;t the mistake .
that would not have been a problem at all .
that would be okay .
but what this picture is , is a problem .
you see , if you look at transparency in the sensory lobes , this is one of the first images that seems out .
i really like your type , sergey brin .
this was the problem : transparency -- free of deception and engineering , just to discover and measure , immediately , to be concerned by giving knowledge and information to information , especially in terms of information -- the last line is certainly the biggest problem .
you know , we &apos;re listening to a lot of transparency now .
our politicians say it &apos;s our president says , even our ceos say it .
but when it comes to the way that it &apos;s going to be done , something changes .
but why ? well , transparency is scared of fear -- like this strange bear that still sticks .
it &apos;s a -- it &apos;s like this strange cliche of the fence .
and it &apos;s also a little risky .
what else is there more ?
a whole bowl of cool food eat .
this is very risky .
so when i started talking to the companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story , they said , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . &quot;
you see , when i was a kid , and my father got married to his lie -- and there he is looking looking at me -- he would say , &quot; my son , there are three versions of each other .
there &apos;s your version , there &apos;s my version , and there &apos;s the real version . &quot;
so you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the real version .
but there was only a company , an agency willing to help us -- and that &apos;s because i &apos;ve met john bond and richard programmed for years -- i realized i needed to do it alone , and i had to go to the team with the team .
so what they suddenly began to understand -- or what i started to understand -- was that if you start to talk to these companies , the idea of how your brand is understood is a broad problem .
i have friends , the big , giant spacecraft , and i have friends , the little toys that i do .
and my friends , the big , giant spacecraft , are saying that the theory of why their movies are so successful , in the age of life they have .
and then my friends , the little pieces of wood , are going to say , &quot; well , how should we compete with these big , gigantic plants ? &quot;
and the movie is called &quot; the most consistent consumer explorer . &quot;
so how are we going to see ban in the film ?
whenever i go to the way , and whenever i open the ice lanes , you &apos;re going to see porn commands .
and every time i get somebody else , i can say , &quot; are you fresh enough for this interview ?
are you there ? you see a little nervous .
i want to help you to calm down .
so you might have a little bit of this experiment before the interview . &quot;
and then we offer one of these great environmental problems .
either , &quot; fusion fusion &quot; or &quot; a millionaire &quot; , you &apos;ll have the choice .
we &apos;re being deployed both for men and for women -- solid , finger , or a stick , whatever .
this is the main thing .
now , i can all answer your questions and give you an unprecedented analogy .
we &apos;re a smaller brand .
so as you talked about the smaller movies , we &apos;re a brand of a brand organizer .
so we don &apos;t have a budget like other brands .
so these things are doing -- you know , reminded people of ban -- that &apos;s kind of why we &apos;re interested .
how would they talk to them globally ?
ban is crumbling .
that &apos;s a great question .
a technology is abraham technology .
technology is not the way you want to describe something that someone &apos;s doing under the oil table .
we &apos;re talking about bold , fresh .
i think &quot; fresh &quot; is a great word that this category is really true to a positive positive , as opposed to &quot; fighting odor and humidity . &quot;
it keeps you fresh .
how can we keep it longer ? better fresh , more fresh , three fresh ones .
these things have an impact effect .
and this is a klein bottle .
what about me ? what about the purchasing ?
i have to talk to the man on the street , like me , to me .
you should tell me something about my brand .
how would you describe your brand ?
hmmm , my brand ?
i don &apos;t know .
i like to enjoy beautiful clothes .
&apos; 80s , there &apos;s points of interest on red wine , except at the bottom of the day .
all right , what &apos;s the brand ?
unique .
i think the most important , the style that i have is probably &quot; glamour glamour . &quot;
i like a lot of black colors , a lot of skylights and such a stuff .
but normally , i have a tetrahedron , like x-rays , or a jewelry , and such a stuff .
if dan would be a brand , it would probably be a classic rift devil .
man 2 : the brand i am is , i would say , a fly fly .
woman 2 : part of fear , partly sorry , part of -- i don &apos;t know .
man 3 : i &apos;m the smartest guy .
i sell distributed to the entire country , the world .
so i think that &apos;s my brand .
this is my brand in my little little industry industry .
man 2 : my brand is fedex , because i were misled .
man 5 : brand solar bangoora .
is that ?
lawyer : i &apos;m a vegetarian .
i &apos;m tom .
well , we can &apos;t all be the smartest , but i &apos;m often looking at the interface of the incredible glamour and the fly &apos;s fly .
and what was realized was that i needed a experts .
i needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who really helped me understand what &apos;s called the &quot; eureka . &quot;
and this is how i found a company called olson displaced in northern africa .
they &apos;ve made companies like soap , engineering , engineering workers , trying to discover these kinds of spots .
if they could do it for them , they could also help me .
you brought up your pictures , yes ?
that &apos;s me . the first picture is a picture of my family .
just tell me a little bit about how that &apos;s associated with your thoughts and feelings about yourself .
these are the people that shape my worldview .
tell me about this world .
nt : this world ? i think the world is the world that you live in -- like people around around , the friends , the family , the way you live lives , the work and so on .
all of these things come from and start from a place , and for me , and they start with my family in west virginia .
what &apos;s the next thing you want to talk about ?
next . this was the most beautiful day of my life .
what is the context of the thinking and feelings about yourself ?
it &apos;s like i want to be .
i like things that are different .
i like things that are weird . i like weird things .
tell me about the &quot; why &quot; -- what does it bring us ?
what &apos;s the shredder ? what are you doing right now ?
why is it important ? what is the red ?
tell me a little bit about this part .
a little bit more about you , which is not them .
what else did they go through ?
... that &apos;s not a fear . what kind of rollercoaster are you ?
whoa ! no , thank you .
thank you for your patience .
yes . well . well .
yes , i don &apos;t know what &apos;s going on .
there were a lot of crazy things going on .
the first thing i saw was that idea of their own two separate numbers , but the pages of pages -- the morgan theory is a brand of a brand brand brand .
so , they &apos;re very good .
and i think there &apos;s almost a contradiction .
and i think some companies will just focus on a strength , rather than both .
many companies tend to -- and this is human nature -- things that they &apos;re not sure of , you &apos;re afraid to avoid fear , and they &apos;re welcome to them , and they &apos;re actually going to turn it into something positive , and that &apos;s a kind of vegetarian .
what other brands are doing ?
the first one is a classic , apple .
and you can also see it here , a little bit , a little bit of a mini &apos;s mini and a car bath .
well there &apos;s a little brands of brands and brands , brands , those things that come and go , but a brand , a brand , brand brand is a pretty strong thing .
a brand , brand brand . how is your brand ?
if you ask them to describe your favorite card , your favorite card , how would you ?
you &apos;re a string of neurons ? are you something that &apos;s blood &apos;s blood cream ?
or are they more likely to be a leader ?
are you something that &apos;s a little calm , more , more conservative ?
behavioral companies are things that are playful , fresh , like the world &apos;s most powerful , more , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very , very efficient , agile and agile , profane , magical , magic and magic like it .
or are they more like a hunting sign ?
are they sensitive and refreshing like superman ?
are they established , traditionally , security , security , compassionate like oprah ?
are they reliable , stable , lasts , safe , sink , holy , noisy and kind of like the dalai lama or the ?
in the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies who were up and up , and they said no , because they didn &apos;t want to be part of the project .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything about this film , because they had no control , no control over the finished product .
but what happened is 17 17 people who were willing to get out of these control that would do with people who are doing so well and calculate as i do , and then finally , to tell stories about the stories that we usually wouldn &apos;t have to tell .
they teach us to tell the story of the story of the world , as we tell the story in this movie , that you &apos;re using a lot of time to use the brain of the brain in order to make ads as well as films .
we went to sao paulo , where the forbidden was been banned .
in the entire city , for five years , there aren &apos;t a lot of life , no posters , no flats , nothing .
and we were in school school where companies are taking their way into their schools , in america , in america .
and the incredible thing for me is that the projects that i get the most positive , or where i had the greatest success , are where i interacted with things .
and this is what these brands have done .
because they went to the front door , they were using the agencies , and said that the agencies may not really have their interest in mind .
i &apos;m going to negotiate directly with the artists .
i &apos;m going to work with him and make something completely different , something that people think is going to challenge us to change the world change .
and what was it for you ? what &apos;s going on ?
well , the film called the film film festival in the morning , we can look at this .
it was the case in january , and in the past , and since -- and that &apos;s not the whole thing -- it was 900 million copies of this film .
that &apos;s actually a period of two / two weeks ago .
this is just online -- no press , no television .
the film hasn &apos;t been answered .
it &apos;s not even online . it &apos;s not rocket science .
he &apos;s not coming out of other countries .
well , finally , the film has got a huge momentum .
and that &apos;s not bad for a project , which is almost every single child that we talked about , your customers , to keep the fingers on it .
something that i believe is that if you put your opportunity out , you &apos;re risks to realize that there are opportunities in these risks .
i think if you stop people from it , you &apos;ll get them closer to failure .
i think that if you &apos;re trying to avoid your employees , you &apos;re willing to get the whole company to make a profit .
i feel that we need to encourage people to take risks .
we need to encourage people to have fear that you might have .
finally , in progress , we should welcome the fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
please accept the fear . say the risk .
each one of the big tastes full , so we &apos;re going to say the risk .
and finally , should we welcome transparency ?
today , more than ever before , a little bit of honesty is very far .
and that said , with honesty and transparency , my entire talk , &quot; you &apos;re going to be transparency , and i showed you from my good friends of email , which dollars for sale on ebay for ebay .
big data will be transformed for organizations around the world in large opportunities .
celebrity presents : &quot; please welcome transparency . &quot;
thank you .
well , morgan , in the string of transparency , what &apos;s happened in the same place with $ 5,000 ?
that &apos;s a great question .
i put a check in my pocket , sitting on the top of the world &apos;s office , the bass center -- a check at a $ high time to fund my favorite year in the next year .
my name is intra-active .
18 months ago , i did something else on google , and i was trying to do something with museums and art , and my favorite thing , which is now today , gave me green light .
and it took 18 months .
a lot of hype and stories , i can tell you , with 17 very interesting museums out of nine countries .
but i &apos;m going to focus on the demo .
there are a lot of stories about why we did this .
i think my personal view is very easy to explain with this slide and your access .
i grew up in india .
i became a great education in my own -- i didn &apos;t get -- but i had too many museums and this artwork .
when i went to visit and visit these museums , i started learning a lot .
and while i worked for google , i tried this desire to make art accessible -- to bring technology together .
and then we started a team , a great team , and we started with this .
i &apos;m going to start with the demonstration , and tell you some interesting things that happened since the launch .
so you &apos;re just going to turn out .
you can look around all these museums here .
there &apos;s the most , the moma , the moma , the bass , the van gogh , the van gogh .
i even come into one of my favorite , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
you get up to two of them -- very simple .
you see , and you &apos;re in the museum , you know , you &apos;re in this museum .
it doesn &apos;t matter where they are -- bombay , mexico , it doesn &apos;t make any difference .
you &apos;re walking around and you &apos;re caring .
you want to orient in the museum ?
open the map , and let &apos;s click with a click .
in fact they are , they want to go to the end of the gangs .
just further . lots of fun .
look around you .
thank you , but the best thing is .
now , i am before one of my favorite students , met from saint spielberg in the met .
i see this video game .
if the museum has given us the picture , it click on it .
this is one of the images .
these are all tarahumara .
those of you who really are interested in art , can you click here , but i &apos;ll click it now .
this is one of the images that we &apos;ve recorded , which is called the so-called brain interface .
this picture , for example , has about 10 billion barrels , i think .
and a lot of people ask me , &quot; what are you going to do for 10 billion ? &quot;
i &apos;m going to show you that .
you can get very easily in and forth .
you see a funny thing here .
i love this guy ; his expression is priceless .
but then they really want to go deep .
and so i began to play around , and i realized that there &apos;s something going on there .
and i thought , &quot; wait a minute , this sounds interesting . &quot;
i went up to the end , and i realized that the kids actually actually got a little bit of it .
i was a little bit skeptical , and i was talking about a lot of the met with met met , and actually actually found that it &apos;s called a game called the lazarus reflex , where a goose is beaten at the bottom of a stick with a stick .
apparently , it was quite popular .
i don &apos;t know why they did it , but i learned something about it .
to really close up , you can go to the cracks .
just to give you the point of view , i get out of it , so you can see what you get .
here we are , and this is the painting .
the best one is going to happen -- in a second .
let &apos;s jump back to moma , again , in new york .
another more interesting one of me , ted engineering .
at the previous example , it was about finding detail .
but what if you want to look at the i.q. revolution ?
and what if you want to see like van gogh this process was made ?
you get into it . you can actually go inside .
i &apos;m going to zoom in in one of my favorite trips to this picture , and i &apos;m really going to be my uncle .
this is a computer designer , probably never seen before .
now i &apos;m going to show you my favorite function .
there &apos;s a lot of others , but i don &apos;t have time .
that &apos;s the really cool thing , it &apos;s called collections .
each of you , everyone -- whether or not you have a great house , whether you have a great house -- doesn &apos;t matter .
you can go and launch your own museum -- from all these images , you can put your own collection collection .
just simply , they go into -- and i &apos;ve created this , it &apos;s called the power of the millennium -- you can go through .
this is the &apos; 90s .
you can put it all together , give them your friends , and this is a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
i think finally , for me , the main thing is that all the wonderful things here are not from google .
they don &apos;t even think of me from the museums .
i should not say that .
they come from the artists .
and that was an experience of humility for me .
i mean , i hope that we &apos;re just going to be using this digital medium of art , and put it online .
this is the biggest question that i asked you recently , &quot; did you do that to replicate the experience of a self-replicating machine ? &quot;
the answer to that is no .
it requires to experience the experience .
that &apos;s it . thank you .
thank you .
this is a representation of your brain . your brain can split in two inches .
this is the left half , which is the logical side , and then the rights of the one , which is the intuitive side .
if we had to measure a scale to measure the silk of every hemisphere , we could be able to measure your brain .
for example , this guy would be completely obvious .
this would be somebody who is completely intuitive .
now , where would you do your brain on this scale ?
some of us may have chosen for one of these extremes , but i think that most people in the audience , your brain looks like this -- with a high amount of water that &apos;s in the same day in two days .
it &apos;s not like they &apos;re both exclusive or something .
they can be logical and intuitive .
and so i think of myself as one of the people that are similar to most other experimental bases that have a good amount of logic to add the complex ideas together .
but at the same time , we need a good amount of intuition to do the experiments actually .
how do we develop this intuition ? well , we love to play things .
so we go out and play it , and then look at it , and then we start to develop our intuition .
basically they do the same thing .
so one of the intuitions that they &apos;ve discovered over the years is probably a thing at the same time can be only in a place .
i mean , it can be strange to think that a thing is at the same time in two different places , but they weren &apos;t born with this idea , they developed it .
i remember looking at a child at a time of seeing .
he was a toddler and not very good at it , and he fell constantly .
but i &apos;ll bet that it plays a very precious lesson with the computer company , which is that the big things don &apos;t just give you the end , and they &apos;re staying on a place .
and this is a great technological model in the world , so long , they don &apos;t have a rocket account .
it would be a terrible model for a computer designer , because they don &apos;t play with play games , but with these little weird particles .
and when they play with their particles , they put all sorts of weird things -- like they fly directly through walls , or they can be at the same time in two different places .
and so they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
that was the physics of a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe the little , tiny particles .
but you didn &apos;t need them to describe the big mundane objects around us .
it didn &apos;t love my intuition , and that may be because i don &apos;t often have a lot of games with particles .
well , i sometimes play with you , but not very often .
and i &apos;ve never seen them .
i mean , nobody has ever seen a particle .
but it didn &apos;t like that kind of logical thing .
because if all things are made out of particles and all these particles , the rules of quantum mechanics , they shouldn &apos;t just be able to follow the rules of quantum mechanics ?
i see no reason why this is not going to be that .
so i would be able to make sure better with all of this stuff , if we could just show that the ability to follow the mechanics of quantum mechanics .
so a couple of years ago , i did that .
i created one .
this is the first object that you can see , which was in the microwave hemisphere .
so what we &apos;re looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see this green dot there in the middle .
this is the piece of metal that i &apos;m going to talk about .
this is a picture of the object .
and here i &apos;m going to zoom it up . we &apos;re looking at the center here .
and here &apos;s a really very pervasive close-up of this little piece of metal .
so what we &apos;re looking at is a little piece of metal it &apos;s shaped like a springboard , and it &apos;s above the edge .
so i made this thing on a similar way to making a computer chip .
i went up with a clean space with a new space store , and it &apos;s for 100 hours of all of the big devices .
for the last bit , i had to build my own machine -- to get this kind of a floating pool of hole and get that thing .
this thing has has the ability to be able to be in the microwave lobe , but it takes a little help to do it .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i mean , if i &apos;m alone in the elevator , i &apos;m going to do all kinds of weird things , but then other people add up , and i &apos;m going to listen to all these things because i don &apos;t want to bother it , or , frankly , they &apos;re looking at it .
quantum mechanics says that , objects are the same feeling as well .
the search for the objects that aren &apos;t only human beings , but also the light that seems to it , and the wind that seems to you over and over the wind , and the heat of the room .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal was expanding , we had to put out all the pieces of wood .
and that &apos;s what we did .
we turned up the light , put it in a vacuum and put the whole air out , and it was almost up to the door , and it &apos;s just in the elevator , and that piece of metal was able to behave like it was .
so we measured his movement .
and what we found was that it really really weird .
instead of being there , it &apos;s just silent , it &apos;s like , it &apos;s kind of like this -- it &apos;s like something like this , and there &apos;s a little bunch of pieces of sand .
in which we gave him a little push , we could put it into the same time and put it into the same time -- something that could be allowed in the quantum mechanics .
so what i &apos;m going to tell you about is what &apos;s really fantastic .
what does it mean to vibrate and object and to vibrate ?
let &apos;s think about the atoms .
so the first case : all the trillions of atoms from the piece of metal are still still there , and at the same time , the same atoms are moving up and down .
just accurate facial voices , they agree with it .
the rest of the time they are .
that means that every atom at the same time is two different places , which is called the same piece of metal in two different places .
i think that &apos;s really cool .
really .
this was the value for all this year in the clean space space , because , you know , you know , the body structure between a single atom , and that piece of metal is roughly the same between the difference between the piece of metal and them .
so if there &apos;s a single atom at the same time in two different places , that piece of metal can be in two different places , why don &apos;t you ?
i mean , that &apos;s just what my logical side says .
so , imagine you would be at the same time in several places , how would that feel ?
how would you deal with your mind that your body is in the space ?
there &apos;s another aspect in history .
when we put it down , the light lights out and the box went out , we saw that there was always a piece of metal in a piece there .
and so i &apos;ve got to develop this new intuition that it looks like all the objects in the elevator are just just objects that are in a small space together .
you hear a lot of talk about how quantum psychologists say that everything is connected to everything .
now , that &apos;s not quite right .
there &apos;s more of it , it &apos;s still deeper .
it &apos;s like these connections , their connections with all the things around them , literally define who they are , and that &apos;s the warp and quantum quantum mechanics .
thank you .
so in 2007 , i decided that we should be thinking about how we think about economic development .
it should be our goal that when families think about where they live and work , they have given us the opportunity to pick up between a hand of different cities that all are in competition for new people .
in the moment , we &apos;re far away from this goal .
there are billions of people in the developing world , which are not even a single city that they &apos;re welcome to .
but the amazing thing about cities is they &apos;re so much more valuable than it costs them to build .
so we could actually use the world very easily , maybe even hundreds of new cities .
this may sound absurd for you , if you &apos;ve never thought about new cities .
but only share the building of homes on cities .
imagine , half of the people who want to live in homes , they did it ; they don &apos;t even have the other half .
they could try to extend the capacity to existing existing homes .
but you know what you &apos;re going to do in the apartments , in these apartments and their environments , can have law to avoid complaints and from turning out out of it .
so it turns out to be very hard to hit all of these extensions .
but you could go to a completely new place to build a whole new block block , the laws that are going to support such a building and not kill it .
so i &apos;ve suggested that governments can create new spaces that provide enough space for a city and give them a name : sunny cities .
and later , i found out that , about the same time , learning and learning , thinking about the challenge of reform in honduras .
they knew that every year 75,000 years ago , they were leaving their land to go into the united states , and they wanted to know what they could do to make sure that these people can stay in their country and make the same thing in honduras .
at this point , he said , &quot; well , what happens when we put an area of our land in our country , what if we just give them a message from the american embassy , which is a part of the canadian school , and when people are going to work in the world , and they &apos;re going to be able to work on the next , you know , the next rules that you &apos;re going to do .
in the summer of 2009 , honduras had been worse .
in the next election election election , the nobel prize in a major place , which has a lot of the market and a new market , and also promised a lot of life .
he asked a challenge to be able to be .
in the meantime , i was looking at a talk at tedglobal .
through improvement , time , and through the study of consumers , i &apos;ve tried to reduce this complicated concept of the city city , which is essential to elements .
the first point is the importance of the laws of laws , laws that determine that they can &apos;t be able to fight existing machines .
we give them new technologies , but for progress , it requires technologies and laws , and it &apos;s usually the laws that help us .
in the fall of 2010 , a friend from guatemala called the link to the tedtalk .
again , he showed him outrageous .
the two of them were calling me .
and they said , &quot; let &apos;s present the head of our country . &quot;
so , in december , we met in december of a hotels in miami .
i &apos;ve tried to make sure how valuable cities are , how much more valuable than you are cost .
and i used this graph to show how valuable value is in a place like new york , and remember , there &apos;s a area in a few cases that &apos;s worth a hundred thousand dollars worth of dollars .
but there was a pretty abstract discussion , in a place when there was a pause , said , &quot; paul , maybe we could look at the tedtalk . &quot;
so the tedtalk asked in very simple form , which is a major city city , which is the beginning of the land of the country , a media system that defines the laws that are there , and people are able to decide to be either under those rules or not .
that &apos;s why i was asked by the president of honduras who said that we have to make this project important , and that this is the way that we can bring our country forward .
i was asked to come back to school , and let &apos;s go back to a fourth and fifth january of a lecture .
so i gave another one of the most distorted talk that has a graph like this , which is trying to emphasize that if you want to make a lot of value in a city , it has to be a very large city .
this is a picture of the city , and i sketch the new airport that was built in southern california .
alone in the airport , it &apos;s an area of 100 yards .
so i &apos;ve tried to convince you that if you want to build a new city , you want to start with an area of at 1,000 1,000 miles of light .
that &apos;s more than 250 thousand tomorrow .
fortunately , all of you have criticized .
the faces of the audience were very serious and careful .
the director of congress came on the stage and said , &quot; professor ted , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we might look at the tedtalk .
i have it on my laptop . &quot;
so i sat there , and they played the tedtalk .
and i came to the conclusion that a new city gave people new possibilities .
there would be the opportunity to live in a city that would be in 2025 , rather than hundreds of miles away from north america .
and a new city also creates new possibilities for leaders .
the leaders of the government in honduras were dependent on free help , and they could benefit from their benefits that they would do in order to do the laws for these charter , and in the process that everybody can trust that the charter is actually going to be resolved .
and the realization of president scientists , was that the confidence that i was thinking about , as a way of getting foreign investors to get here , could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do this city for all the parties in honduras that have been suffering and fear of many years .
we went into an area .
this picture is from this place .
it &apos;s equivalent to a thousand square miles .
and shortly after that , on the 19th of january , you &apos;ve given congress to change the constitution , to have a high control policy that is special for special modes of view .
in a country that has just been a severe crisis in congress , congress for this series of congress , they have voted a voice for a voice .
all parties , all the capital of the society , supported this .
to become part of the constitution , it has to be twice through congress .
on april 17th , it was for the first time with a voice called a voice approved .
immediately after that choice , between the 21 and the 24th of february , a delegation of about 30 percent of the world was about the two places in the world that were most interested in , in the business of the window .
one place is south korea .
this is a picture of a big , new downtown city that &apos;s built in south korea , built a big city than the center of the city .
all you can see on this picture was built within four years after it took four years to get the permits .
the other place that was very interested in urbanism is singapore .
it &apos;s already built two cities in china , and the third is in preparation .
so if you &apos;re basically thinking about this , it &apos;s where we are today .
they already have a cabinet system ; they already consider this area for the second city .
it &apos;s already been working on a legal system , which is that there &apos;s a lot of work that &apos;s going to participate in , and it &apos;s also working on a external legal system .
a country has already offered their supreme court for a dish for the fda &apos;s application .
you &apos;re also interested in birds and management programs .
they actually bring funding to them .
one of the things you &apos;ve already seen has come out , and there &apos;s a lot of plastic points .
there are a lot of companies who would like to put in america , especially in a place with a football , and there are a lot of people who would like to live there .
over the world , there are 700 million people who tell them that they want to live forever in a different place .
a million people die from latin america , and they go across the united states .
many of you are fathers who are forced to leave their families to work alone , sometimes they have single mothers who need enough money to make food and make clothes .
unfortunately , sometimes it &apos;s children who are trying to find their parents again , and they haven &apos;t seen anything in the cases for a decade .
so what is an idea to build thinking about success in somalia , to create a completely new city ?
or even build out of these cities , or hundreds of around the world ?
so what is it for an idea to be that every family has a choice between several cities that are in competition for new people ?
that &apos;s an idea worth spreading .
my friends from honduras have asked me to say , thank you ted .
you know how many decisions you do in a typical day ?
you know how many decisions they make in a typical week ?
i recently have a survey with over 2,000 americans , and the average number of decisions that a typical american person is doing in a day is an adult .
again , recently , a study of ceos who were watching the ceo of a week .
and these scientists just just took the various topics that were taking the ceo , and how much time they have spent decisions that relate to topics .
and what they found is that the average ceo , on the week , is working on business tasks .
each of these topics had of many , many smaller decisions .
50 percent of their decisions have been hit within nine minutes or less .
only for 12 percent of their decisions , they needed an hour or more .
think about your own decisions .
do you know how many decisions you &apos;re going to meet in the nine minutes in the nine minutes of the one in an hour ?
how good , do you think they &apos;re dealing with the decisions ?
today , i want to talk about one of the greatest stages of our modern time , which is the main world .
i want to talk about the problem and some of the possible solutions .
now , when i talk about this problem , i &apos;m going to ask you some questions , and i want to know your answers .
if i ask you a question , raise up , because i &apos;m blind , just hand , if you want to burn some calories .
otherwise , please , if i ask you a question , and your answer is , well , my first question for today is : are you willing to hear something about the war ?
thank you .
when i was a student at stanford university , i went to this very very grocery store , at least at the time it was really exclusive .
it was a store that was called it .
this business , it was almost like a hunting machine .
they had 250 different types of mustard and steel and over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables , and more than two dozen different types of water -- and that was a time when we actually had drunk .
i did it to go to that business , but at a time i asked myself , well , how do you get a little bit more wrong ?
this is the olive gang .
they had about 75 different kinds of olive oil , including the ones that were embedded in boxes that came from a thousand years old old mother .
so i decided to go back to the day one day , and i asked the ladder , &quot; do this model , that you &apos;re helping people all these ways ? &quot;
and he showed on the collar of tourists who came together every day and they had their cameras on the day .
we decided to do an experiment , and we chose for our experiment .
here &apos;s her 11-year-old gait .
they had a different different type of plastic protection .
we put a little laser directly directly on the entrance .
and we put there in six different tastes , or we put it out and put a different kind of tastes out there , and we &apos;ve looked at two things : first , i mean , what would more people stand up and get more excited ?
there are more people left when it was 24 , about 60 percent , when it was six , about 40 percent .
and after that , we looked at what the people used to buy a glass of glass .
now we saw the opposite effect .
by the people who were there , when there were 24 , they just put three percent of the tape of glass .
from the people who were left when there were six , well , now we saw that 30 percent of them actually bought a glass of sugar .
well , if you calculate it , people would take six times more glass a piece of glass , who they had six to choice , when they had 24 to a choice .
now , to decide not to buy a piece of glass , you &apos;re probably good for us -- at least it &apos;s good for our waist -- but it turns out that it &apos;s a lot of things that are affecting us very hard decisions .
we don &apos;t choose to decide , even though it &apos;s against our own best interests .
so in the theme of the day , financial savings costs .
i &apos;m going to describe you a study that i &apos;ve been using with a tour of the world , which is , of course , the most powerful , the most playful , where we teach the decisions for retirement for almost a million americans who have been able to look at a lot of american studies in the entire united states .
and what we were looking at was whether the number of people who were able to have a kind of temporal lobe , the energy plan that affects the probability of getting more tomorrow tomorrow .
and what we found was that there was a correlation in it .
so in this plans , we had about 10 plans on which people had offered something between two to 59 different fund .
and what we found was that the more fund were offered that , in fact , participation was lower .
now , if you look at the extremes , the plans that offered two fund , there &apos;s still a high school in the &apos; 70s -- as we want to .
in the plans that offered almost 60 fund , the oil spill went on about a barge pole .
now , it turns out that even if you &apos;re going to participate in some of the ways that there are more possibilities for choice , even then , it has negative consequences .
so the people who have decided to participate , rather than the more opportunities they were available , the more force they chose to provide it and fund their funding .
the more opportunities they were available , the more they put their whole money in pure water .
none of these extreme decisions is about the decisions that someone would recommend if we care about their future financial well-being .
now , in the last 10 years , we have observed the best of the greatest consequences that people offer for more and more choices .
she picks up the decision -- push it , even if it goes to your own best interest .
they make more worse decisions -- worse financial and worse medical decisions .
they tend to decide rather than things that make them less satisfied , even if they do it better .
and the main reason for this is that we may enjoy it to have this huge shelves of a lot of plastic , mustard , delicious and plastic , but we can &apos;t move the comparison and diversity , and then actually be able to choose a fantastic offer .
so what i &apos;d like to offer you today is four simple techniques -- techniques that we have tested in different ways , and in various studies of data -- that you can just use in your business .
first of all , narrow .
you &apos;ve heard it before , but it was never true of today , that less is more .
people are always worried when i say , &quot; change . &quot;
they &apos;re always concerned that they lose losing .
but in fact , we &apos;ll see it more and more , and if you &apos;re willing to take care of the fact , and you &apos;re going to be able to go and get it up , you know , there &apos;s a increase on sales , and it &apos;s going to be a cost of sales , and there &apos;s a lot of improvement .
and as a paddle , and a third of a thousand and a half thousand values and 26 pounds of 26 percent , 50 percent of the time sales had been 10 percent of the time .
when the golden rulers corporation their 10 at the worst olympics , they saw that the revenues cover 87 percent -- a result of the two , the increase of sales and the cost of cost .
you know , the average average average today today is giving you 45,000 products .
a typical walmart gives you 100,000 products today .
but the supermarket supermarket , which is today &apos;s supermarket in the world , is , and they just give them a lot of products -- a kind of tomato sauce on doses .
now in the world of the world class , i think of one of the best examples that came up in the market , how we best knew the choices , was something that david has a lot of very powerful , it &apos;s a program that was offered at harvard .
every single harvard employees at this point now will automatically stick in a single part of it .
the ones who really want to make a choice is going to fund 20 fund , not 300 or more fund .
you know how people often say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to fix it .
it &apos;s all important possibilities . &quot;
and the first thing i ask the staff question is , &quot; tell me how the chances of each other are different .
and if their staff can &apos;t do it , they can &apos;t do their clients . &quot;
well before we started having lunch , i had a conversation with gary .
and gary said that he would be willing to offer all of the people in this audience to give a $ expensive holiday on the most beautiful street in the world .
here &apos;s a description of the road .
and i want to read to you that .
and now i &apos;m going to give you a couple of seconds to read it , and then i &apos;ll send you to you , if you &apos;re willing to take gary &apos;s hands .
okay . everybody who &apos;s ready to adopt gary &apos;s hands .
are they all ?
all right , let me show you a little bit more about it .
they knew it was a trick , right ?
now , who &apos;s ready for this journey .
i think i &apos;ve heard more hands .
good .
and the fact that she &apos;s looking at is the first time that they had more information , as the second time , but i would make it a sense that they thought it was a second time .
because they made it feel real for them .
what brings me to the second technology , which helps you to solve the problem of disability , it &apos;s the most important thing .
it &apos;s about people who need to understand the difference between options , which are the consequences that are associated with the individual , and that have changed the consequences of life and life .
why are people giving up 15 to 30 percent more than if you use a military or a card card , as online ?
because it doesn &apos;t feel really the money .
and it turns out that if you make it feel like it &apos;s a very good tool , it &apos;s a very good tool to make people save more .
so , in a study that i did , and i &apos;ve done a lot of wood , and i &apos;ve done a lot of research , and we &apos;ve done a study with the people who have been working -- the people who have worked all the way to work -- and these people were all working in a meeting where they had signed their participation on their behalf .
and in this meeting , we &apos;ve been able to leave this meeting as they were always , just put a little little added on it .
and the small thing that we &apos;ve been using to do is to say that we asked people to think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives , if they would save money .
and what we did in that simple thing was , there was a rise of participation in 20 percent , and there was a rise of number of people who were willing to save or have a increase at four percent the amount that they were willing to pay for .
third technology : solar engineering .
we can deal with more categories than more choices .
here &apos;s for example , a study we did in a ct scanner .
it turns out that it &apos;s in the freezing mountains up there , and below the northeast area , the number between the various different types of magazines to the magazines of crazy magazines .
but you know what ?
if i show you 600 magazines and you go into 10 categories of paper or i &apos;ll give you 400 magazines , and they &apos;re in 20 categories , you think that i have given you more choices and a better position than i would give you the 400 .
because the categories tell me how to keep them apart .
here are two different points of dna .
one is called &quot; jazz , &quot; and the other is called &quot; the movie . &quot;
if you think that the left display is a car , and the display on the jazz is , you clap in your hands .
okay , there &apos;s a couple .
if you think that &apos;s on the left side of jazz , that &apos;s on the right side , you &apos;re clapping , please .
okay , a couple more .
well it turns out they &apos;re right .
the one on the left is jazz and who &apos;s on the right , but you know what ?
this is a deeply sealed shift .
the categories have to say something called a choice that doesn &apos;t produce choices .
and this problem you often see when you look at the long list of all these fund .
who are you supposed to inform ?
my fourth technique : premise of complexity .
it turns out we &apos;re able to deal with more information than we think we need to simplify them .
we need to slow up complexity .
let me show you an example of what i mean .
let &apos;s take a very , very complicated decision : buy a car .
here &apos;s a german photographer who gives you the opportunity to put your car completely completely away .
they have to make 62 different decisions to create their car completely .
now these decisions are different in the number of choices that they give a decision .
autocratic , the chariot of the car -- i &apos;ve got 56 options .
motors , gears -- four ways .
what i &apos;m doing now , i change the sequence in which the decisions are .
half of the customers will go from the many possibilities , 56 percent of the time to get up to the very small , four gears .
the other half of the customers go from the low possibilities to get four gears , to 56 56 , and many possibilities .
what do i look at ?
how are you interested ?
if you &apos;re constantly making the power of the choice of the decision , that means that they &apos;re overwhelmed , i &apos;m losing it , i &apos;m losing it .
what you find out is that the people who are going to go from the number of people to the low prices , and they &apos;re going to vote in the same direction .
we &apos;re losing them .
go from the little choices to the many , then stay on it .
it &apos;s the same information . it &apos;s the same number of possibilities .
the only thing i &apos;ve done is to change the order in which this information is presented .
so when i start with the simple one , i learn how to fix it .
even though even you get the gears , i don &apos;t mean anything about my taste of the interior , always makes it stand for me to pick it up .
and it also brings me to excitement about the big product that i &apos;m doing , and so i &apos;m willing to motivate you to be interested in being involved .
let me sum up .
i &apos;ve talked to you about four techniques that use the problem of value value -- just -- they &apos;re going to go up to the alternative alternatives , and -- -- they make it real ; gardening -- we can do better with more categories , less options .
every one of these techniques i &apos;m going to describe to you today is to help you manage the opportunity -- good for you , you can use them for yourself , good for the people you provide service .
because i think the key to best choice is that you &apos;re choosing for choice .
and the more we are producing as a result is the better we will be able to practice the art of choice .
thank you .
hi . i &apos;m kevin guy , youtube guy on youtube . i look at a lot of time .
that &apos;s true .
today , we want to talk about how video videos are going to happen , and then why it &apos;s really important .
we all want to be stars -- celebrities , singers , comedians -- when i was young , it seemed so incredibly difficult .
but we &apos;ve been able to make sure that we all can or all of our creative activities are being famous famous in a part of the world of the world .
every single one of you could be on the internet to next saturday .
but on youtube , more than 48 hours of video is uploaded to a minute .
again , there &apos;s only a tiny percentage of more likely to go and see thousands of times , and so on to the cultural moment .
so how does it work ?
three things : whoa , ubiquity and the unexpected .
well , then we want to .
oh my god . oh my god .
oh my god !
yay !
ooh , whoa !
last year ago , he took the video of the film that he photographed before his house in a national national park .
in 2010 , it was been 23 million times .
this graph shows what it looks like when the video was popular first for the first time .
in fact , no one wanted to make a viral video .
he just wanted to share a rainbow .
because that &apos;s what you do when you call the mountain mountain mountain .
he had uploaded every lot of penguins .
and this video was actually already sent in january .
what happened here ?
there went jimmy jimmy .
jimmy treasure is the tweet that took the video at the end of the first .
because , like jimmy capitalists , we &apos;re looking at new and interesting things , and show them a big audience .
it &apos;s going to be , you know , wet water . you get blood maintenance down . you know , there &apos;s a lot of answers coming to the world , you know , you &apos;re going to go out . you know , you &apos;re going to go down , you know , you &apos;re going to have this conversation , you don &apos;t want to talk about this video , you know , i hope .
rs : for example , is one of the most popular videos of the year .
it was nearly 200 million times that year .
this is what the graph looked like .
just like &quot; the double raindrop , it seems to be coming out of nowhere . &quot;
what happened in this day ?
well , it was friday , that &apos;s true .
if you want to know , these other tips are also more nuanced .
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
well , there &apos;s a lot of blogs doing it , a lot of blogs started to write about it .
michael j. nelson from the medical science theater was one of the first people who did a joke about twitter .
and what &apos;s important is that a individual or a group of people made a position to cut a large audience with a large audience , by accelerating the process .
and then this community of people who shared these big communities , and began to talk about it and playing around with it .
now there &apos;s 10,000 planes from &quot; free &quot; to youtube .
already in the first seven days there was a spoof for every single week of week .
unlike other entertainment conversation in the 20th century , the participation of the community will become our way part of this phenomenon -- either by creating it or making something new .
&quot; curved sight &quot; is animation and music in southern india .
it &apos;s , really simple .
this year it was going to look almost 50 million times .
and if you &apos;re doing that for crazy , you should know that there &apos;s a disconnect in the world that has been looking at four million times .
even cats look at this video .
cats do look at cats who look at this video .
the important thing is , creativity , which is in the world &apos;s market industry and the market market .
it remixes .
somebody made an old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
and one of the most taken layers from the ground , which made it from a stupid joke to something that we can all participate in .
today we don &apos;t just find pleasure in something we do .
who would have predicted that ?
who would have &quot; &quot; double raindrop &quot; or rebecca black , &quot; can you predict ? &quot;
what could be done to be able to write what was going on ?
in a world where every minute , there &apos;s two days of video video is uploaded , it &apos;s just really unique and unexpected events that i mention .
i admit , i wasn &apos;t really interested in telling me a friend that i &apos;d like to look at this great video , about a guy who sits in new york against traffic stations for bicycles .
i got a ticket , because i &apos;m not going to go to the bottom of the street , but often there &apos;s a lot of challenges that you don &apos;t have to do in the car .
now , that was completely surprising and humorous was casey casey &apos;s funny funny idea and his vision for five million times .
this approach is all about what we &apos;re creative .
and this leads us to a big question ...
what does that mean ?
misdirection .
what does that mean ?
in fact , creative creative , completely unexpected , are the characteristics of a new kind of media and culture , where everyone has access and in the audience .
as one said , one of the most popular stars -- justin bieber -- made his start on youtube .
nobody has to give your ideas green .
and today we all feel as owners of our culture culture .
and these are not the characteristics of the ancient media , and they &apos;re not able to get to the media of today , but they will determine the conversation of the future .
thank you .
how can i talk about the stories between women in three generations , and how amazing the amazing strength of these connectedness are in the life of a four girl girl , when she spoke about 30 years ago with her little sister , her mother and her grandmother , five and a half days in the chinese ocean , and the other girl who lived in the house of this little girl .
the story isn &apos;t over .
it &apos;s a puzzle that &apos;s still made together .
i want to tell you about some of the world &apos;s books .
imagine the first piece : a man who &apos;s going to burn his life .
he &apos;s a poet , a writer , a man whose entire life of the whole hope of oneness and freedom of community was together together .
if you think of it in the front of the eye , in the middle of the eyes , in the eyes of the eyes of his eyes , that his life has been a single waste .
the words , as long as his friends , his colleagues now are his .
he moved back to silence .
he died , broke through the story .
he &apos;s my grandfather .
i never met him personally .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never told me about life .
i had to worry that it was not free , and it was my job to learn that the story was trying to get us wrong , but we were going to get away .
and the next thing that &apos;s happening is , like a boat , in a early cruise book , it &apos;s going to go down to sea .
my mother may be 18 , when her father died -- already in a marriage marriage , already with two little girls .
for her , life had been a challenge : the family &apos;s family and a new life in australia .
it was completely disconnected that they could fail .
after a four and a half yards , there was a boat on the lake , as selling clubs .
all the adults were aware of the risks .
the greatest fear were they were pirates , rape and death .
like most adults on the boat , my mother was carrying a little bit of sleep on the boat .
at a time , one of my sister would have had my sister and i , you know , i &apos;m going to drink it from my grandmother .
my first memories are from this boat -- the continuous motor of the engine , the clapping of each one on the bug , the long and empty horizon .
i don &apos;t remember the pirates that came up with many times , but , by the time , the men who were sitting on our boat were on the boat , or at the cost of the engine that didn &apos;t want to start six hours .
but i remember looking at the lights of the ice coast on the coast coast of the coast , and the young man who collapsed and died , the end of the journey was too much for him , and the taste of the first book that gave me one of the men on the platform .
no apple ever hit it like that .
after three months in a refugee camp , we landed in melbourne .
and the next project is about four women in three generations that build together a new life .
we let us go down to the bottom , one of the most beautiful barren soil , whose population is made out of mass food .
different than in the 1920s , the existence of existence that was completely unknown , and it wasn &apos;t a rocket designer .
the smells from the sun came from the rest of the world .
and the most broken of the mountain communities were caused by people who had one thing in common : they started starting .
my mother worked on farms , and then on the line of one line , a six days , six days , double layers .
they had somehow found their time to speak english , and english .
we were poor .
every dollar was given and became more educated in english and mathematics , no matter what we needed to solve , and mostly the new things that were coming from the hand .
two couple of pieces of school for school , every time to cover the holes in the other .
and it was a gateway up to the bottom , because she had to make six years .
and there were the rare but painful effects of &quot; suck , &quot; and here , and there &apos;s : &quot; england , go home . &quot;
next to where ?
something fell inside of me .
there was a meeting to the reconciliation , and a quiet voice said , &quot; i &apos;m going to get you out of the way . &quot;
my mom , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we were told each other from our day , and we were listening to the movements of our grandmother in the house .
my mother suffered from the boat from the boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night , until their mother came up , so i could get them back .
she opened up a media system , and then they got a business system , and they set up a business .
and the women came with their stories about men who don &apos;t change the change , angry and lemon , and children &apos;s children , caught between two worlds .
loans and donors were willing to look .
centers were built .
i lived in bathrooms of life .
in one case , i was the classic asian student , which led to the demands of themselves .
in the other one i was involved in insecure life , the tragic scars of violence , the balkans and the insulation .
but so many people got over the years .
and because of that help , i was in the last year of the year year of a year of a year of year .
and i was going to be from a doctor to the next , and the edges didn &apos;t fit together .
tan le , their anonymous anonymous employees of computer school , is now le le , refugee and social activist who was invited to go to places that you never had heard , and in housing , whose existence you never could have imagined .
i wasn &apos;t familiar with the computer industry .
i didn &apos;t know how to use it .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i wanted to go into the routine , and the comfort of the life of a unknown stranger -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters , who had been watching every day of their days , for 20 years , by telling each other their stories in the same bed .
i said to my mom , i wouldn &apos;t do that .
she reminded me that i was as old as she was using the boat .
no one had never been a possibility .
&quot; just do it , &quot; she said , &quot; and not what you &apos;re not . &quot;
so i talked about gender management and education , and the neglect of the and unconscious .
and the more important i spoke , the more i should tell .
i met people all over the street , so many of them did what they loved , they lived in the limits of the possible .
and even though i had my degree , i realized i couldn &apos;t live on a career in law .
there had to be another kind of paper .
and i realized at the same time that it &apos;s okay to be a maverick , a new , new place in the picture -- and not just okay , but something that needs to be grateful , it &apos;s a gift of the surprise .
because it can be so easy to take away the horizons for the collapse of the horizons , so that means that you &apos;re accepted the assumptions of the environment .
i &apos;ve been enough enough of my favorite day to know that , yes , the world is dominated , but not as you do it .
opportunities that were not allowed would be explicitly encouraged .
there was a energy , an optimism optimism , a strange disconnect of the humility and the creator .
so i followed my gut .
i collected a little team of people for me who didn &apos;t go up , and it was a very challenging challenge for me .
for a year we had no cents .
at the end of one every night i cook a huge concrete soup that we shared .
we were working late in the night until late .
most of our ideas were crazy , but there were some brilliant ones , and we did the breakthrough .
i met the decision to pull into the united states .
just after a journey there .
my gut again .
three months later , i moved , and the adventure went on .
before i talk to the talk , i want to tell you about my grandmother .
she grew up at a time where the social norm and the united states was the most common person in the united states .
life had not changed for centuries .
her father died soon after her birth .
her mother moved her alone .
with 17 she was the second woman of a speaker when she woke her up .
without a man &apos;s support , she cared about a job by taking him back to court , and she was in their own case , and she had a bigger bigger car than she won .
&quot; don &apos;t go &quot; proved to be a fake .
i &apos;m just sitting in a hotel room in sydney when she died . 1,000 miles away in melbourne .
i looked around the front of the boat and looked at them on the other side .
i knew she had come to say goodbye .
my mother called me a few minutes after that .
a few days later , we went into a buddhist temple in southern england and sat around her coffin .
we told her stories , and we told them that we were still .
after midnight , the monk and he said he had to close the temple .
my mother asked us to touch their hand .
she asked the monk , &quot; why is your hand so warm and the rest of her is so cold ? &quot;
&quot; because she &apos;s going to stop it for you today , &quot; he said .
&quot; she doesn &apos;t put it off . &quot;
if there &apos;s a band in our family , it &apos;s about the women .
you see who we were , and how life was formed us , we can see that the men who might have come into our lives would have come to us in iraq .
the defeat would be too simple .
now i &apos;d like to have my own children , and i still think of the boat .
who would ever want one ?
yes , i &apos;m afraid of privilege , ease , front ago .
can i give you a bug in your life , the courageous one of the wave , the silent , steady motor of the engine , the long horizon , which doesn &apos;t guarantee ?
i don &apos;t know .
but if i could give that , and you could blow it up , i would do it .
also , a mother &apos;s mother is here in the fourth or fifth grade .
i &apos;m here to share my photography with you .
is it even photography ?
because , of course , that &apos;s a picture that you can &apos;t do with your camera .
nevertheless , my interest in photography when i got my first digital digital age was 15 years old .
i put it with my former predilection for drawing , but it was a little different , because using the camera was actually the process in planning .
and if you take a picture with a camera , end up the process , if you squeeze on the trigger .
so for me , in photography , it seemed to be about trying to be at the right place at the right time .
i believed everybody could do that .
so i wanted to create something else , something that the process starts when it &apos;s going to cause the cause .
pictures like this : a construction site along a much lower road road .
but it has a kind of a twist .
and even though it &apos;s a realistic game .
or photos like these -- dark and right-handed simultaneously , but all with the common goal to keep a realistic level .
when i say reality , i &apos;m going to go .
because , of course , it &apos;s not something that you can actually capture , but i &apos;d like to make it look like you could have that , in a photograph .
photographs that you need to think about a little bit of thinking about trying to figure out the trick .
so it &apos;s more about trying to catch an idea as a moment .
but what is the trick that makes it look realistic ?
is it about the details or the colors ?
is it about the light ?
what does the illusion produce ?
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .
but at the end of it , it &apos;s about how we interpret the world and how it can be made on a two-dimensional area .
it &apos;s not about what realistic is , but what we &apos;re making for realistic .
so i think the basics are very simple .
i look at it as a puzzle of reality where you can take different pieces and put them together to create an alternative reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we &apos;ve had three perfect devices here , physical objects that we can all identify with in a three-dimensional world .
but in a certain way , combined , you can create something that looks still three-dimensional , as if it could exist .
but at the same time , we know that that &apos;s not possible .
so we &apos;re eating our brains , because our brains are simply simply not saying that it doesn &apos;t really make sense .
and i see the same process in combine by photographs .
it &apos;s really just about combining different realities .
so the things that make a look realistic , i think it &apos;s the things we don &apos;t think about , the things around us around our lives .
but when we combine photographs , it &apos;s really important to think about it , because otherwise you just look wrong .
so i would say that there &apos;s three simple rules to follow , to get a result of outcomes .
as you can see , these aren &apos;t three special images .
but they can do something special like this .
so the first rule is that community parts should have the same perspective .
second , people would have the same amount of skills .
and these two images are going to fulfill these two requirements -- from shooting at the same altitude and the same punchline .
third , it &apos;s about getting to impossible , where the individual images begin to end and end by connecting them seamlessly .
makes it impossible to say how the photo was actually made together .
by using color , contrast and contrast on the margins of the individual images , photographic shells , blood colors , skin colors , we &apos;re looking at the boundaries between the different images , and let &apos;s look at a single picture , and you can see a picture of a bunch of levels .
here &apos;s another example .
you might think that this is just a landscape , and the bottom part is manipulated .
but this picture is actually completely composed , from images from different places .
personally , i think it &apos;s easier to create a place to find a place , because you don &apos;t have to make any compromise in the ideas in your head .
but it requires a lot of planning .
and when i had this idea in winter , i knew that i needed two months to try to plan them to find the different places for the puzzle .
for example , the fish was taken on a wooden record .
the bank bank is from a different place .
the production line was from a quarry .
and yes , i even put the house up on the island of red , to look at it in the wild .
so to get a result of it , i &apos;m looking at planning out here .
i &apos;m going to start with an example of an idea , an idea .
and then it &apos;s about the combination of different images .
and here &apos;s every piece of very good planned .
and when you make good images , the result can be pretty beautiful , and it &apos;s pretty realistic .
so all of these tools are available , and the only thing that &apos;s limited to us is our imagination .
thank you .
i &apos;d like to talk to you about why so many electronic electronics have failed .
and i think that the most important thing is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things that we introduced to the rift union was to make a traffic test .
it &apos;s not a scientifically recent picture -- she &apos;s going to put a cup of coffee or tea and ask the patient , families , relatives , &quot; how is it ?
how can we help them ? &quot;
and we think we want to think that this is one of the main problems , why all of us -- maybe most of the electronic millennium companies have failed : because we stopped listening .
this is my favorite one . it &apos;s a very simple thing .
she has a button on it .
and every morning i get to it .
and yes , i have a job , as you might recognize .
i had my job at 95 percent of the time .
it just works : every time i go to the scale , you send my data on google health .
and they &apos;re also going to get away from my favorite computer , so that he can see where my favorite story is , and not only in the moment where i have a support support or a support service , but it &apos;s also a look at the past .
there &apos;s something else .
you may know that , i &apos;ve got over 4,000 wells on twitter .
so every morning i &apos;m going to go back to my talk , and people are talking to me before i &apos;m sitting in the car , &quot; lunch is just just a small lettuce today .
but this is what &apos;s happening , which is what happens , because this is the most powerful thing to help patients , because this could be used against obesity , or it might be used to obesity .
but it could also be used to get people to get out of their chairs and get them to play some kind of game in order to control their health better .
next week , it comes to the market .
it &apos;s going to give you little little points that you do on an iphone or something like that .
and it &apos;s going to enable people to measure from blood pressure at home , to send it to your doctor and send it to other people , for something more than 100 dollars .
at that point , the patient comes into the game . you can &apos;t just take control of the control , the captain on your own ship , but you can help help care about the challenges that are happening to us , and the health benefits of healthcare , double demand , and so on .
make ways that are easy to use and start with them to bring patients to a team .
and they can do it through these kinds of ways , but through slices .
and one of the things that we did , i &apos;d like to share with you through a short video .
we have all kinds of chromosomes in our cars .
perhaps even in our mobile phones .
we really know exactly where all these atms are around us .
we know one thing where all of the gas stations are .
and yeah , we can find more mindful .
but where would the next communication room to help this patient ?
we &apos;ve got a nap , and nobody knew it .
no one knew where the next life-saving vaccine was in this moment .
so what did we do ? we &apos;ve done a lot in the netherlands .
we set up a website , and we asked an online question , &quot; if you look at a computer show , please tell us where he &apos;s , when he &apos;s sitting there , &quot; because sometimes he &apos;s closed closed in presence , of course .
and over 10,000 children have been reported in the netherlands .
the next step was to find the apps for that .
and we created a design model .
we developed an app for design design , augmented reality , to find these kinds of spots .
and if you &apos;re in a city like a car store and someone &apos;s collapsing , you can use your iphone , and within the next couple of weeks , you &apos;re able to find your day of life that can save life in life .
and we don &apos;t want to do this today , as a result of the product , which is called the product , but also , as a result of the product .
and we want to bring this to a global scale .
and we ask our colleagues around the world , from other universities , to help us think about how to behave , how to behave , to make these restrictions around the world .
and if you &apos;re on holiday and somebody &apos;s going down , it &apos;s your own blood or somebody else , you can find this one kind of thing .
the other thing that we want to ask is that companies around the world are helping us to help them think that they are in favor of approval .
these might be a military example , or a technician , for example , just to make sure that it &apos;s still the fact that it &apos;s still the place that it &apos;s still available .
please help us and try and make it not a little bit better for the health , but take it to the hand .
thank you .
today i &apos;m going to report from unexpected discoveries .
i work in the corporate business .
and i want to say , i mean , the little thing that we &apos;re going to do is to keep on protecting it .
... it &apos;s given to crowdsource .
here &apos;s a short video of what we do .
oh . a moment .
it may take it until it &apos;s available .
now -- we can just jump that off -- i &apos;m just going to skip the video .
no .
this is not ...
okay .
the case is ...
oh , my time has gone over ?
okay . thank you .
so a couple of years ago , i started a program to get the stars in technology and design to take a year of time and work in a environment that &apos;s so much everything that you really hate , and we did it in government .
the program is called code for america , and it &apos;s a little bit like the geeks for the geeks .
we choose some fellows from each year and we let them work together .
instead of sending them into the third world , let &apos;s send them into a garden factory .
and they developed great apps , they worked with urban service .
but what they really do is to show what &apos;s possible today with technology .
so they meet al .
al &apos;s a computer company in the city of boston .
here it looks like he &apos;s looking after a date , but what he really looks for is somebody who &apos;s going to see him when he &apos;s lying , because he knows he &apos;s not very good at when he &apos;s out of a meter snow .
how did he get to look at this particular kind of aid ?
we had a team of fellows in boston in the part of the code for america .
they were there in february , and it has a lot of time last week .
and they realized that the city would never have the fire fire fire .
but one particular fellow , a man named erik mcchrystal , was looking at something else , and it was that the residents were dependent on the sidewalks , right across these parts .
so he did what any good engineers would do , he wrote an app .
it &apos;s a nice little app where you can adopt a fire hydrant .
you throw up to him if you cut it up .
if you do that , you can give him a name , and he called the first al .
if you don &apos;t do that , you can take someone away from it .
so there &apos;s a nice little dynamic game .
this is a modest little app .
it &apos;s probably the smallest the 21 apps that the fellows have written in the last year .
but it does something that doesn &apos;t do other things .
it &apos;s growing rapidly .
there &apos;s this guy in the middle of the city of the city , which has seen that he could use this app , not for snow , but to adopt the citizens of local citizens .
it &apos;s very important that these things are working , but people are stealing the batteries .
so he got the citizens to test them .
and then seattle decided to use the app to clean the citizens in order to clean the food lanes .
and chicago has just introduced them to put people out of the street when they cut up .
now we know nine cities that plan to use this app .
and she went so well , organic , of course .
if you know something about it , you know that it doesn &apos;t normally go like that .
the production of software takes a couple of years .
we had a team that was working on a project last studio in boston for three people and a half months .
it was about a way that the parents can find out what the real public schools for their children are .
we were told later that if it went to the normal canals , it would take it over two years , and it would cost over two million dollars .
and that &apos;s still nothing .
there &apos;s now a project in the california justice system that costs the cost of two billion dollars a year , and it doesn &apos;t work .
and there are projects like this at every level of government .
so an app that &apos;s written in a couple of days , and then by spreading spreading , is a kind of shot before the front of the government .
it shows how government can work better -- not more like a private company , and many people think it should be .
and it &apos;s not even like a runner , but more like the internet itself .
and that means free access , which means open and productive .
and that &apos;s important .
but what &apos;s important about this app is that it represents a new generation that is driving the problem of government -- not as the problem of an independent institution , but as a problem of collective action .
and that &apos;s a very good news , because it turns out that we &apos;re very good in collective computing with digital technology .
now there &apos;s a big community of people who create the tools that we need to do things effectively together .
it &apos;s not just code for america , fellows are hundreds of people all over the country who are standing up and writing , every day in their own communities .
they didn &apos;t give up the government .
they &apos;re pretty frustrated with her , but they don &apos;t complain about fixing them .
and these people know something that we &apos;ve lost from the eyes .
and that &apos;s when you all lose your feelings about politics and the queue of the internet and all the other things that we really get tired of , the government , in the words of tim o &apos;clock , &quot; what we do together , we can &apos;t do it alone . &quot;
today , a lot of people have given up the government .
and if you &apos;re one of those people , i &apos;m going to tell you that you &apos;re thinking about it because the things change .
politics is not changing ; government is in change .
and because the government eventually needs their power to give us -- they &apos;re going to say , &quot; we &apos;re the people ? &quot; -- as we think about it , we &apos;re going to change how this change happens .
i didn &apos;t know very much about government when i started this program .
and like many people , i thought , well , the government is mainly to choose people in a office .
now after two years , i finally learned that it was mostly in community communities .
this is called call for service and information .
that &apos;s where you usually get out when you &apos;re in your city , you know .
if you ever have to have the chance to work in your doctor &apos;s lab , like our fellow scott smith as part of the program -- in fact , do all of this -- you &apos;re going to see that people , the government , for many different problems , including the one in a house in the house .
so , scott gets this crane .
he &apos;s typing &quot; equivalents , &quot; in the official database .
and he doesn &apos;t really have an idea . he starts with the operator .
and finally , he says , &quot; look , you can just open all the doors in your house and see a lot of sounds music and see if the livestock is the case ? &quot;
and that worked . applause for scott .
but that wasn &apos;t the end of the trade .
boston is not just a call call .
it has an app , a computer engineer and a computer company , called &quot; guided raindrop . &quot;
we didn &apos;t write this app .
this is the very very smart people in the office of the new urban sphere in boston .
one day -- this is a actual report -- that &apos;s what &apos;s going to happen in &quot; my vagina lab . &quot; can &apos;t tell if she &apos;s dead .
how do i get them away ? &quot;
but what &apos;s happening with &quot; 300 thousand meters &quot; is different .
scott inspired by man to man .
but it &apos;s all public success , but it &apos;s all public public , so everybody can see it .
and in this case , it saw a neighbor .
and the next thing we got was , &quot; i went over there , and i found the wooden carcass behind the house .
telegraph ? yes . alive ? squash .
looked at the site on the side . went home .
good night , sweetheart sweet . &quot;
pretty simple .
that &apos;s great . this is the digital reality .
and it &apos;s also a good example of how the government is getting into this .
but it &apos;s also a great example of government as a platform .
and i don &apos;t really want to have a technical definition of the platform .
i &apos;m going to talk about a platform for people to help themselves and to help others .
a citizens helped a different citizen , but the government played a central role here .
they connected these two people .
and you would have been able to connect them with government performance if these needed were needed , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to government services .
if a neighbor helps the other , we strengths our communities .
let &apos;s call it the donor industry , and it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things is that we need to think that government is not the same thing as politics .
and most people understand that , but they think that one is the input of others .
that our contribution to the system is deciding .
how often have we chosen a political leader -- and sometimes we &apos;ve made a lot of energy to choose a new political leader -- and then we think back and we expect the government to reflect our values and our needs , and then hasn &apos;t changed much ?
that &apos;s because the government is like a higher ocean , and politics are the top frontier .
and what &apos;s underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we use this word with these contempt .
but it &apos;s these contempt , this kind of thing that we have , and for us to pay something that works against us , something else , and then we turn ourselves ourselves .
people seem to think , politics is sexy .
if we want this institution to work for us , we have to make bureaucracy sexy .
because that &apos;s where the actual target is happening .
we need to be on the machinery of government .
so he did it .
have you seen these guys ?
it &apos;s a group of concerned citizens who wrote a very detailed scientific report , which is an answer to the internet debate on the internet bank .
this is not politically active , this is active activity .
well , for those of us who have given the government , it &apos;s time that we think about the world we want to leave our children .
you have to imagine the enormous challenges that you have to ask .
do we really believe that we have to achieve what we need to achieve without improving an institution that can be done in the name of all of us ?
a government is absolutely necessary , but it &apos;s got to be efficient .
the good news is that technology can make it possible , the function of the government in general ways in which they can actually do something by providing society to society .
and there &apos;s a generation that has grown up the internet , and it knows that it &apos;s not so hard to do things together , you have to build the only right systems .
now the average age of our fellows is 28 , so i &apos;m , unfortunately , almost a generation older than most of you .
this is a generation that grew up to see her voice as granted .
they don &apos;t fight that battle that we all fight , who who will talk , you can &apos;t speak .
you can express your opinion , in every channel of every time , and you do it .
so if you &apos;re confronted with the government , not so much to use your voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write applications that improve the government &apos;s work .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .
this could be , a fire hydrant , a weed , to borrow a trash cable with a cable cable cable .
and sure , if we could have these little fire games all the time , we can do a lot of people , and so many people do it .
but these apps are like little digital memories that we &apos;re not just consumers , and we &apos;re not just consumers in the government who pay taxes and pay services .
we are more than that , we are citizens .
and we will not improve the government until we improve the citizenship .
so the question i have for you all here : if it &apos;s about the big , important things that we have to do together , all together , are we going to be a lot of voices , or are we going to be a lot of hands ?
thank you .
normally , my role is to explain people like wonderful the new technologies that are going to be the emergence , and i thought , because i &apos;m here with friends , i would tell you what i really want to do , and also try to look back and understand what &apos;s really going on .
i &apos;m going to begin to show you a single , brief slide .
... could you show the slide a little bit .
this is a slide that i picked up from my folder .
it &apos;s not about the details of the slide , but it &apos;s about the general shape .
this slide shows data from an analysis of us on the performance of cellular processors , with the power of a flat area of networks .
the interesting thing here is that this slide , like so many others , which we find , in our field , is a kind of a curve curve .
in other words , every step here is a power in the microwave arteries .
and this is a novelty that we need to use this type of scale on adaptive curves in the field of technology .
something strange is happening here .
this is basically what i &apos;m going to talk about here .
so if you could turn the light back .
a little bit easier , because i &apos;m going to draw a little bit on the paper here .
now why do we draw graph algorithms in the curves on the curves ?
the reason for that is , if i draw it on a normal curve , where we say that this is the years , so the timeline is a way , and this is a pattern of the technology that i want to show with a graph , that &apos;s a graph that is silly .
they look like this .
and that doesn &apos;t tell us a lot .
so if i want to record a different technology , let &apos;s say , one of the things that &apos;s going on , that would be a little bit of a structure , a little bit more blurry , in a form of a red line .
but if something like this happens , it changes the common conditions .
so if the ice rate was as fast as the initial progression would be , then we could go back into a taxi , and in 30 seconds we would be in tokyo .
but that &apos;s not that fast .
this has never been before in history of history , this kind of environmental growth , which is increasing exponentially in the scale of a few years .
the question i want to ask you now is , if you look at this exponential curves , you &apos;re not going to go forward .
it &apos;s not possible that everything all over and over and over as fast as it goes forward .
there are two ways .
either , it &apos;s going to be a classic kind of classic like like this , until something completely new comes out , or it &apos;s going to happen .
this is it .
now , i &apos;m an optimist , so i think this kind of thing in the way this is going to happen .
so that &apos;s really , that means that we &apos;re right here in the middle of a transition .
we &apos;re here on this line , in a transition from the world to a new kind of world .
so the question i want to ask , and i also ask myself , is this new world going to be true ?
what is this new state that takes the world slowly ?
because the transition seems to be very , very confusing to you when you &apos;re in the inside .
when i was a kid , there was the future somewhere in the year 2000 , and people were talking about what &apos;s going to happen in 2000 .
now we have a conference where people talk about the future , and you realize that the future is still the year 2000 .
we don &apos;t go further than that .
so in other words , the future is saved every year since i was in this world .
i think the reason is that there &apos;s something else going on .
the transition happens . we can all feel it .
and we know that right now , it &apos;s just not a sense of trying to look at 30 or 50 years in the future , because everything is going to be so different , that a simple process of what we &apos;re doing now doesn &apos;t make sense .
i want to talk about what this might be , that transition that we &apos;re currently in .
to do this , i &apos;m going to talk about some other things that really don &apos;t have to do with technology or computer .
because i think to understand this really , we need to take a step back , and look at the thing on a more recent way .
and that &apos;s what i want to look at this on the earth &apos;s history of life .
i think the big picture makes sense if you cut it into some tin .
so let &apos;s go back , and it &apos;s a billion billion years . the earth was a big , energetic gas bag with a lot of chemicals on it .
now , if you look at the way that these chemicals were organized , there &apos;s a pretty good picture of how they &apos;re doing this .
i also think there are theories that begin to understand how all it is with rna , but i &apos;m going to tell you a little story about what is that that time , a little little bit of carbon absorbent , which has different types of dna for chemicals .
some of these lawsuits have a special combination of chemicals that allow them to integrate other chemicals from the outside , and grow up .
all of these things started to divide .
these little girls were in the sense that they were doing the most talkative .
but these aren &apos;t a little bit of living in the world today , because every single one of them was just a little , bad recipe of chemicals .
and every time it divided , there were a lot of chemicals in the chemicals that were linked to chemicals .
so every game was a little different .
in fact , the knights templar growing up , which was one of the growth of expanding carbon faster than others and integrated , more and more chemicals from the outside , and they spread faster .
so these tend to survive longer , and they multiplied in more important ways .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but more interesting when this libertarian has learned a trick about abstraction .
in any way that we don &apos;t really understand , it has learned the ability to learn information , information information .
they &apos;ve learned to store the recipe of the cell as information , and in a certain chemical form , which we call dna .
in other words , they have found a way of finding in this evolutionary , evolutionary kind of way , which allowed them to lay out what they were doing , so that this information could be saved and copied .
and the amazing thing about this is that this kind of information is going to store over over the course of 2.5 billion years , where it came out , the same thing .
in fact , the recipe for us , which is our genes , is exactly the same code and the same notation .
and each of these creatures is used exactly exactly the same letter and the same code .
we are so far that we can only write in the code , even to be able to write in this code .
and i &apos;ve got 100 blue points here from a white clip , which i &apos;m trying to keep out of presence in airports .
it &apos;s -- what i &apos;ve done is i &apos;ve taken this code -- the code consists of normal characters , which we use to use -- and i wrote my favorite card on a piece of dna , and we put 10 ^ 22 times .
so if somebody wants to make a hundred million copies of my favorite day , i have enough enough for everyone in this room and even for everyone in this world , and it &apos;s right here .
if i was in fact , i &apos;ve been a tech researcher , and i &apos;d put it on a virus and put it in the room .
so what &apos;s the next step ?
the dna version of dna was an interesting step .
and this is what these cells did -- that made them happy for another billion years .
but then another thing happened , very interesting , where things were completely different , and began to communicate these cells and communicate information , so that communities were made of cells .
i don &apos;t know if you knew that , but bacteria can actually replace their dna .
that &apos;s why , for example , it &apos;s grown for antibiotics .
some bacteria have figured out how to stay out of penicillin and put this information together with other bacteria in the dna , and now we have a lot of bacteria , which is resistant to penicillin , because the bacteria communicate with each other .
so this communication allowed the reasons of communities , which , in some sense , were in the same boat ; they were more energy-efficient .
so they would either survive , or they went together , and that meant that if a community was successful , all the individuals of the community were repeatedly repeated and spread by evolution .
now , the key line is where these communities are so close , that they decided to write the recipe for the whole community in a sense of dna .
and the next interesting stage took about another billion years .
at that point , we have microbial communities , communities of many major communities that are built together as a single organism .
in fact , we are also such such a community community community .
we have a lot of cells , which are not more on themselves .
your skin cells are useless without heart cells , muscle cells , brain cells and so on .
so these communities began to move out , so that the level of which the evolution would have was no longer the individual cell , but the whole thing that we call an organism .
the next step happened in these communities .
the media industry began to abstract information again .
and they developed special structures that didn &apos;t make anything else to process information within the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so the neurons are the key ones that have built these pieces of wood .
they started starting to join specialists in the community , special structures that were responsible for learning and understanding that information .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of these communities .
and they gave us an evolutionary advantage .
because at that time an individual -- learning happened in the time of life of a single organism , instead of this evolutionary period of time .
so an organism could learn to take a certain fruit , because she liked bad , and she did it sick , the last time he ate her .
this could happen in a lifetime of life in a lifetime , whereas hundreds of thousands of years ago , because this information had been learned from the individuals who died from these fruit , because there were nothing there to be there .
so , the nervous system has the environment with this particular assembly system because the evolution could actually come within an individual .
it could be within a time period .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate with each other .
once , for example , the most powerful version of the dna version is the human language .
it &apos;s an absolutely amazing invention if you think about it .
i &apos;ve got a very complicated , evocative and confused idea in my head .
i &apos;m sitting here , and basically , i have just made notes of me in the hope of creating a similar sort of idea of your head , which has a certain resemblance to my original idea .
so we take something very complicated , transform it into notes , a sequence of sound , and it makes something very complicated in the heads of others .
so this allows us to work again as a unified organism .
and what we actually did , we know , is humanity , we &apos;ve started to abstract .
we &apos;re going to go through the same stages that have been led through -- the abstraction of our methods , how we hold data data , we think , process it .
the invention of language was a small step into that direction .
computer engineers , computer computers , computer companies , family services , and so on , all of our specialized mechanisms that we built in our community to make this information handle .
and it connects us all together to something that is much greater , and also it &apos;s able to move faster than we &apos;ve been there .
so today , evolution can happen in the time period of microseconds .
you &apos;ve also seen a little bit of a little bit of temporal lobe vision , which has shown you a little bit of evolution in the computer lab , right in front of your eyes .
so then we &apos;ve got the math again again again .
the first steps of the story that i told you about is a billion years per piece .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , is a couple hundred million years .
then the final steps , like language and so on , is less than a million years .
and these next steps , like electronics , are just very few decades to take .
the process is feeding itself itself , and i think it &apos;s a word that is the word for -- when something does it increase .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
and i think that &apos;s what we see here in this curved curve .
we &apos;re seeing the process that itself lives on itself .
i live living from building computers , and i know that i &apos;m using the mechanism that i use to build computers , which can &apos;t be done without using the technology of computing technology .
my current action is to design objects with such a deep complexity that it &apos;s impossible for me to design these in the traditional sense .
i don &apos;t know what any individual transistor is in the power store .
it &apos;s billions of them .
what i &apos;m doing instead of doing , and what the designers of thinking design is doing is , we think , in a certain way , this machine and the machine makes it something that goes beyond our ability to improve better and faster than we could ever do it .
and it &apos;s partly based on ways that we don &apos;t even understand right now .
a method which is particularly interesting , and what i &apos;ve been using lately lately is the evolution itself .
this is what we &apos;re doing in a machine machine machine in the machine which is happening in the field store .
to call an example , in the most extreme cases , we can create a program that acts from random instructions .
we say , &quot; computers , please give a hundred million random random sequences of sequences .
now now , all of these randomly elected instructions , take all the programs , and pick up the people who are on the front of my goals . &quot;
so in other words , i define what i want .
let &apos;s say , i &apos;d like to kind of like numbers , that would be a simple example , which i used to do .
so find programs that are most likely numbers .
of course , the chance of randomly elected instructions are very small that they have random numbers in random , so they don &apos;t probably have the instructions to do that .
but one of these likes with little luck two numbers in the right order .
now i say , &quot; computers , take now the 10 percent of the sequences that i have come on on the next one .
store that off , keep the rest .
now , all of the educational boxes that have shown the numbers in the best .
and there &apos;s a method of a maker of analog , analog to reproduction . &quot;
take two programs , and they &apos;re using children through the exchange of their lives , and the kids are able to share the features of the two parts of the two types of programs .
so now i have a new generation of programs that came through combinations of programs that have come closer to the results of people than others .
tell me , &quot; please repeat this process . &quot;
get it back .
may be a few mutations .
and try this again with another generation .
all of these generations have just three milliseconds .
and so i can run through an evolution about millions of years in the computer within a few minutes , or in more complicated situations .
and finally , i get programs that are able to perfect .
in fact , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could have done by hand .
when i look at these programs , i can &apos;t tell you how they work .
i tried to understand them .
they are abstruse and strange programs .
but they do the job .
i know , i &apos;m sure you &apos;re doing the job because they &apos;re coming out of a series of random programs that have done the job .
because their life depended on whether they did the job right .
i just sat in a 747 with marvin minsky , looking at a map , and he says , &quot; oh look . look at that .
there is , this is a plane that &apos;s made out of a fiber cell bag , which works together to make their flight safer , doesn &apos;t you do it ? &quot;
we know that it &apos;s not an optimal machine when it &apos;s too complicated .
so we &apos;re going to leave ourselves to computer , a process where classical engineering function is very different .
he allows us to do things with a much higher complexity than the normal methods would allow us to produce .
and yet we don &apos;t understand the possibility of it yet .
so , our technology equipment , the technology of our technology .
we use these programs to make a lot faster , so that we can be able to do these processes faster and faster .
so there &apos;s a 3d shift .
it gets faster and faster and i think that &apos;s why it seems so confusing .
because all these new technologies today are feeding with themselves .
we raise up .
we &apos;re at a point , where analog is at the time , as a result , evolved to be developed .
so we are the main ones , and we can &apos;t really figure out what the hell we &apos;re actually doing here .
we are in the middle of this consortium .
but i really believe that after us , there &apos;s something else .
i think it &apos;s very simplistic to tell us that we are the end of the evolution of evolution .
and i think all of you here are part of the creation of what &apos;s going on next .
now , the lunch is before before , and i think i &apos;ll hear here now , before i &apos;m going to go back .
my story starts right here in rajasthan , about two years ago .
i was under under the sky in the desert , with a bioluminescent wooden ali .
we talked about the fact that nothing has changed , since the time of ancient greek war was called the mahabharata .
if we wanted to travel in the back of indians , we went into a car and we jumped across the sky .
now we do this with airplanes .
at the time , when the great indian british film thirst had taken a bow , he took a bow , pulled up into the floor and water .
now we &apos;re doing this with computer machines and machines .
and then we started to conclude that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
that really made me sad .
i got a fear of technology .
it made me feel that i could lose the ability to be able to enjoy the sunset without a camera and without tweet from my friends .
i found that technology should be able to do and not kill .
and when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little companion .
this piece of 50 years old old became the most important thing for me .
she became a gateway access to a world full of pirate and legendary ships and images in my imagination .
i came up with this as a fact that when we took us to update clocks and cameras .
they were going to be inspired by us .
and so i went into the world of technology to see how i could use them to make magic as instead of killing .
i started to illustrate books with 16 .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device to storytelling , the readers around the world can connect .
it can know how we hold it .
it can know where we are .
it lets images and text together , and animation , sounds and touch .
storytelling has always been more senses .
but what do we do ?
i &apos;m just going to go back to this , an interactive ipad app system .
here it says , &quot; put your finger on every light . &quot;
and so -- here &apos;s &quot; this box ... &quot; &quot; i wrote my name . &quot;
and i get a character in the book .
and again , a letter goes to me -- and the ipad knows by gps where i live -- that &apos;s really true to me .
and the kid in me is really excited about this opportunity .
i &apos;ve talked a lot about magic .
i don &apos;t mean a magician and a kite , but the magic of childhood , those ideas that we all had as children .
fireflies in the glass of india found me all the time .
so you have to throw the ipad out and download fireflies .
and that light the way through the rest of the book .
another idea that fascinated me as a child is that a whole galaxy can be able to put in a single tin .
and therefore , every book , and every world , is a little little bit of the ones that i &apos;m going to pick up on the magic device in the device .
and this opens up a map .
you &apos;ve always had maps , but these maps were static .
this map is growing and it &apos;s lighting and serves for the rest of the book .
it also shows you other questions of the book .
i &apos;m going to go in here .
also , for me , it &apos;s important for me to create something that is also very common .
these are the key ones .
we &apos;ve heard all of the knowledge and the heard , but how many people outside india do have their indian colleagues , who are in charge ?
the poor people were caught in a chambers of thousands of years in a couple of years , in a old old book .
and we bring them back , in a contemporary history of children .
a story that came up with the new issues of the world &apos;s market .
on the theme of the last 10 years , a big problem for the last 10 years is that kids are sitting in their rooms , on their computers , without out .
but now , with mobile technology , we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology .
in a interaction of the book , you &apos;re going to send out a search . you have to go out and with the camera of the ipads , to find natural objects .
as a child , i had collections of dna rings , rocks , glass and shells .
somehow the children don &apos;t work .
it &apos;s going to be a quantum scan . you have to go out to take a picture of a flower and tag it .
in one other chapter , you have to get a piece of glass and tag .
this is how you actually create a digital collection of photographs that you can online online .
a kid in london shows the picture of a book , and says , &quot; oh , i &apos;ve seen a fox . &quot;
a kid in india says , &quot; i &apos;ve seen a monkey today . &quot;
it creates a kind of social network around a digital collection of photographs that actually actually recorded .
there &apos;s a variety of possibilities in magic to connect the world and technology .
so in the next book , we &apos;re looking at an interaction where you use the video of the ipads , and through reality reality , it shows a animation of brooklyn , looking at a plant on the front of the house .
on a place , the screen is filled with leaves .
you have to make the sound of the piss , throw it away and hear the rest of the book .
we all move to a world in which the natural forces of technology are closer , and in the magic and technology , they can come on .
we use the energy of the sun .
we bring our kids and we closer to the natural world and the magic , fun and the love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .
thank you .
this is really an extraordinary honor for me .
i spend most of my time working in people who are living in prison , prisons or health services .
i spend most of my time with the social weakest in the humanities and in places where there &apos;s a lot of hopelessness .
to be here at ted , and to hear , how stimulating that is , given me a lot of force .
in the short time here , i became a clear : ted has an identity .
you can say things that have the impact on the world .
and sometimes , when something comes about ted , it gets a meaning and strength that otherwise doesn &apos;t have otherwise .
i say that because i think identity is very important .
we &apos;ve seen some amazing presentations .
i think that we &apos;ve learned that the words of a teacher has meaning , but that the words of a dedicated teacher is particularly meaningful .
as a doctor , you can do good . as a doctor doctor , you can do more .
and that &apos;s why i want to talk about the power of identity .
i didn &apos;t learn that by my work as a lawyer .
i learned that from my grandmother .
i became big in a family , a traditional traditional household , which was dominated by a consumer center , and this was my grandmother .
she was an orphan , strong woman , she had effect .
she had the last word in every election room .
she also started a lot of differences in our family .
she was a daughter of daughter .
their parents were born in the community of virginia in virginia as a slaves .
she was born in 1880 , and the experience of slavery shaped their world very strong .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also gay .
when i met her as a young boy , she came to me and gave me me .
she struck me that i could barely breathe , and then she took me off .
one or two hours later , when i came to her her , she came up to me and said , &quot; hey , are you still feeling my embrace ? &quot;
and if i said , &quot; no , &quot; she &apos;d come back to me . if i said , &quot; yes , i &apos;d leave me alone .
she was something that was made that they wanted to be near her .
the only problem that they had was 10 children .
my mother was the youngest of her 10 children .
sometimes when i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get her attention .
my cousins ran around all around .
i remember , i have to be eight or nine , i woke up in one morning and went to the living room , all of my cousins went around .
my grandmother was sitting at the end of the head , and staring at me .
first of all , i thought that this was a game .
i looked at her and smiles , but she looked very serious .
that was so 15 or 20 minutes , and then she came up and came to me over here . she took me to the hand , and he said , &quot; come on , you know , you &apos;re going to talk . &quot;
i remember remember it was yesterday .
i will never forget .
she took me out to me and said , &quot; hey , i &apos;m going to tell you something , but you have to promise you you don &apos;t get it . &quot;
i said , &quot; promised , grandmother . &quot;
she said , &quot; hey ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
she sat down and looked at me . she said , &quot; i want you to know that i &apos;ve seen you . &quot;
she said , &quot; i think you &apos;re special . &quot;
she said , &quot; i think you can do anything you want to do . &quot;
i will never forget .
and she said , &quot; you just need to promise me three things . &quot;
i said , &quot; ok , grandmother . &quot;
she said , &quot; first of all , i &apos;m sure you &apos;re always going to love your mom . &quot;
she said , &quot; your mom is my baby , and you have to promise you you &apos;re always going to take care of them . &quot;
i dialed my mother , so i said , &quot; yes , grandmother , i &apos;m going to do that . &quot;
and she said , &quot; next thing i &apos;m going to say is that you &apos;re always going to do the right thing , but even if it &apos;s hard to do the right thing . &quot;
i thought , &quot; yes , grandmother . i promise it . &quot;
and finally , she said , &quot; the last thing you &apos;ve got to promise me is &quot; you &apos;re never going to drink alcohol . &quot;
well , i was nine years old , and so i said , &quot; yes , grandmother . i promise it . &quot;
i grew up on the country , in the old , rural south , and i have a brother who &apos;s older older and a young sister .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day , my brother came home , and i brought this beer beer up with my sister and me and went to us in the forest .
we &apos;re just running around like this .
then he took a drink of beer and he bought my sister &apos;s sister , and she assumed , and then she offered me one .
i said , &quot; no , no , no . no . you &apos;re just . i don &apos;t want a beer . &quot;
my brother said , &quot; well let &apos;s do it . we &apos;re doing this , you &apos;re doing whatever we do .
i had what her sister had . it &apos;s a beer beer .
i said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to do . you just do it . you just do it . &quot;
my brother staring at me .
he said , &quot; what &apos;s going on with you ? now , scratch . &quot;
and then he looked at me , and he said , &quot; oh no , you &apos;re still not going to do anything about the conversation with grandmother ? &quot;
i said , &quot; what are you talking about ? &quot;
he said , &quot; grandmother told her grandchildren that they &apos;re special . &quot;
i was devastated .
i &apos;ll tell you a little bit .
i shouldn &apos;t probably do that .
this may be public city .
i &apos;m 52 years old and i &apos;m afraid i &apos;ve never had a drop of alcohol .
i don &apos;t say that because i think it &apos;s rude . i say that because identity means meaning .
if we create the right kind of identity , we can tell people about things that they don &apos;t believe in .
we can get them to do things they thought they couldn &apos;t .
of course , my grandmother would tell all their grandchildren , they &apos;re something special .
my grandfather was during the prison prison in prison .
my uncle died of infectious diseases .
and she believed that these are the issues we needed to care about .
i &apos;ve tried to say something about our business system .
this country is different than 40 years ago .
in 1972 , 300,000 people in southern prison and in prison .
today , it &apos;s 2.3 million .
the united states today has the highest world &apos;s tallest world .
seven million people are left on the left or left with a rock cell .
in my opinion , the world has changed profoundly changing our world .
in social weak and black parts of the population , despair and hopelessness , because of that change .
one of three of the great male black between 18 and 30 is in prison , in prison , on the left , or on the top of the street .
in urban communities all across the country -- from los angeles across philadelphia , baltimore to washington -- are 50 to 60 percent of the black young men either either in prison , in prison , on the left , or on the ground .
but our system is not only formed by questions that have to do with the world , and it &apos;s also degraded by poverty .
we have a health system in this country that makes you much better if you &apos;re rich and guilty as poor and innocent .
assets , none of them , affects the outcome .
yet , we seem to be very pleased with that .
a politics of fear and anger have convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
we have lost touch .
i think that &apos;s interesting .
there are a couple more conceptual developments .
you know , my home state in alabama is where you &apos;re tone-deaf , if you &apos;re convicted .
here today , in alabama , 34 percent of the male black population remain lost in their hands .
what we &apos;ve found is that in 10 years , the percentage of the civic well-being rate is so high as it was before the dawn of the world .
the silence is unbelievable .
i teach kids .
many of my clients are very young .
the united states of america is the only country in the world , which is the children of children who died in prison for prison .
in this our country , there &apos;s a lot of children who have a lot of uninterrupted energy system .
we &apos;ve done a lot of procedures .
the only country in the world .
i put people in heels .
the death penalty penalty is an interesting question .
we believe because we &apos;ve taught us that the real question is : did a human being being killed for dying of him crimes ?
that &apos;s a very sensitive question .
but you can also think differently about it , depending on how we see our identity .
the other view is not , did somebody make a crime for death , but do we deserve it to kill ?
i think that &apos;s fascinating .
the death penalty in america is defined by error .
in nine people that we were executed , one of whom we &apos;ve been known for innocent , which was the death and the death house on death row .
amazing story . one of the innocent innocent ones .
i think that &apos;s fascinating .
we would never let anyone fly at an airplane if you were nine planes that fly , a crash .
but somehow , we &apos;re able to push ourselves out of this problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .
it &apos;s not our burden .
it &apos;s not our fight .
i &apos;m talking a little bit about these questions .
i talk about race and the question , whether we have the right to kill .
and it &apos;s exciting , because i think of my students famous american story , and i &apos;m talking about slavery .
i talk about terrorism , the time against the end of the country , until the beginning of the second world war .
we don &apos;t really know very much about it .
but for black men in this country , it was a time of terror .
in many areas , people have had to be afraid of cooking animals .
or , bombs .
it was the fear of terror that her shaped shaped .
these older people come up to me and say , &quot; mr , you know , you &apos;re talking , you &apos;re talking about the talks . you say the people that you should stop saying that we have to have the first time in the history of our nation with terrorism , after 9 / 11 . &quot;
they say , &quot; no -- say the people that we grew up with . &quot;
and after terrorism , of course , the mujahideen and the decades of the motivated motivated response and apartheid .
and yet , in our country , we have a dynamic -- we don &apos;t like to talk about our problems .
we don &apos;t like to talk about our story .
and that &apos;s why we don &apos;t really understand what our actions have in the historical context .
we &apos;re constantly chasing each other .
we always create new tensions and conflicts .
it &apos;s hard to talk about race , and i think that &apos;s because we &apos;re not willing to approach us the process of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people have understood that the world isn &apos;t going to overcome without the willingness of truth and reconciliation .
even after the genocide in rwanda , there was this willingness , but not in this country .
i &apos;ve heard some talks in germany over the death penalty .
it was fascinating because one of the scientists came to my talk , and said , &quot; you know , it &apos;s deeply troubling to hear you speak . &quot;
he said , &quot; in germany , there &apos;s no death penalty .
and of course , there &apos;s no longer going to be there in germany . &quot;
it was quite quiet , and then a woman said , &quot; with our story , it &apos;s impossible that we will ever kill us to fight people .
it would be essential to us , consciously , to treat people .
i thought about it .
how it would feel like living in a world where the german state was killing people , especially if there were a lot of jews there .
it would be great .
it would be transformative .
and yet , here in this country , in the united states , we &apos;re looking at people -- here &apos;s the risk of death on death , 11 times higher than the victim knows , when it &apos;s black , 22 times higher , when the tragedy is black , 22 times higher .
and yet there &apos;s this mental brain system .
i think our identity is threatened .
if we don &apos;t deal with these things , with the tough subjects , the positive and wonderful things are also affected .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but eventually , these realities are suffering , suffering , angry , angry , apartheid .
i think it &apos;s important to unite them .
because we finally talk about that we need more hope , more engagement , more commitment to be able to be in a complex world .
for me , it means time to try and think and talk about the poor , the disadvantaged , who never will be at ted .
but think of a way that is embedded in our own lives .
we all need to believe that we can &apos;t see things that we can &apos;t see .
we do that . so we &apos;re rational as well as we estimate intellect .
innovation , creativity , and development is not just from our heads .
they come from ideas that are driven by belief in our hearts .
it &apos;s this kind of connection that i think is driving us , not just open to all of the light and the things that are dark , but also for the dark and the dark .
there &apos;s a military designer , the great muslim politicians , once said .
&quot; when we were fighting in eastern europe against the government , we wanted to do everything , but what we needed most of hope was hope , a sense of kindness , the willingness to be sometimes in places else , and witness . &quot;
this mental orientation is the core of what i think is the ability to have to get involved in this .
there is no range of technology and design that allows us to be very , very human , as long as we don &apos;t also have eyes and ears for poverty , and wind and injustice .
i want to warn you . this kind of identity challenges a lot more from us than we don &apos;t care about .
she &apos;s deeply being touched with .
as a young lawyer , i hired the great privilege to meet pink parks .
woman parks came back back to back , where they were two of their oldest friends , these older women , who had the food company , which was the most powerful -- the virginia , and the white man , the husband , the king , the king , the king king .
so these women met , and they just talked a little bit .
and then , as a lady , she turned me up and said , &quot; whoa , wife parks , come into the city . we want to talk .
do you want to listen and listen ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; yes , really like that . &quot;
she said , &quot; and what are you going to do when you &apos;re here ? &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;
and i went over and i just stopped .
it was always inspiring , so evocative .
one day i sat there and listened to these women , and after a couple of hours , the parks turned to me to us , and said , &quot; well , tell me what the phrase is with the same .
what are you trying to do ? &quot;
i started with my usual talk .
i said , &quot; we &apos;re trying to be against injustice .
people want to help people who have been innocent .
we want to fight bias and discrimination in the consumer industry .
we want to eliminate electoral security systems without the conventional generation of children for children .
we want something against the death penalty company .
we want to lower the number of prisoners .
we want to eradicate kyoto . &quot;
i gave my usual talk , and after that , she looked at me and said , &quot; hey , jesus . whoa . &quot;
she said , &quot; it &apos;s going to make you very , very tired . &quot;
and terence himself stepped back to me , put a finger on my face and said , &quot; and that &apos;s why you have to be very , very painful . &quot;
and that &apos;s why i think the ted community should be involved .
we need to set out ways to ask these challenges : these problems , this sorry .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on our humanity .
i learned a very simple thing in my work .
i learned a couple of simple things .
that we are all more than the worst thing we &apos;ve ever done .
i think that &apos;s true for every human on the planet .
if someone is lying , it &apos;s not just a liar .
if someone takes something that doesn &apos;t hear him , it &apos;s not just a thief .
even who kills people is not just an killers .
and because this is , there &apos;s a basic human dignity that needs to respect the law .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , and with security in many parts of the earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i don &apos;t think so .
i think in many places the opposite of poverty is the opposite of poverty .
and finally , i think that even though it &apos;s so dramatic , so beautiful and inspiring and so stimulated , we &apos;re not measured at the end of our technology , not the things we &apos;re developing , not in the intellect and minds .
finally , a society is not measured how they &apos;re going to treat their rich and powerful and privileged , but how they deal with the poor , the nobel prize , the nobel prize .
because in that context , we begin to understand the truly amazing things that makes us out .
sometimes i &apos;m afraid of a balance . a story to end .
sometimes i push up too much .
i &apos;m tired of how we all are .
sometimes the ideas of our thinking are ahead , in a very important way .
i gave these kids who were convicted too hard hours to listen to .
i &apos;m going to go back to visit the client and visit a client , which is 13 or 14 years old , and that &apos;s an adult .
then i wonder , how could this happen ?
how can a judge turn someone into something that he doesn &apos;t ?
the judge looks at him as adults , but i see a child .
one night , i stayed up for a long time and thought , oh , my god , if an judge can turn us into something else , he must have had a lot of time .
right , clap , the judge has sex stations .
you should whatever you wish .
and because it was late , and i couldn &apos;t think really well , i began to work .
i had a civil , poor black boy as a client .
and i began to remember , the headline said , &quot; testimony , my poor , stupid black customers like a privileged , white , disabled body . &quot;
to me , i explained to be able to be able to be practical failure of the internet and the police and the environmental services .
there was a crazy line about this in the country that there &apos;s nothing more important in this country .
the next morning i woke up , and i didn &apos;t know if i just miss this crazy or or actually actually wrote it .
and to my horror , i didn &apos;t just write him , but also sent to the court .
a few months left , and i just forgotten everything .
but finally , i decided , my god , i have to go into the court and this crazy case .
i went into the car and was really overwhelmed -- overwhelmed .
so i went to the court .
and i thought that &apos;s going to be so heavy , painful .
and finally , i went out of my car , and i went up to the stairs .
when i got the staircase to the court , there was a elderly , black man , the janitors in the court .
when he saw me , he came to me over and over , and who said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re a lawyer ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
he came to me and became me .
then he whispered me into the ear .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of her . &quot;
and i have to say , there was power .
it touched something very deeply in me , identity , the ability of each individual to contribute to a community , a perspective of hope .
well , i walked into the street .
when the judge looked at me .
he said , &quot; mr. carrillo , have you asked them to do this crazy ? &quot;
i said , &quot; yes , &quot; and then we started to discuss .
more people got in , just because they were angry .
i wrote this crazy thing .
they came in , and he went back and he &apos;s office workers and office workers .
in the &apos; 50s , the most prolific full of people who were angry was that we were talking about skin skin , about poverty , about inequality .
i looked at the janitors at the top of my career , and i went .
he always looked through the window and could hear the whole thing .
he went on and down .
and finally , this older black man came up with a very bad man in the front store , and sat directly behind me , almost on the front of the street .
ten minutes later , the judges quit a pause .
and during the pause , a bat came in , which was served that the janitors were in the front room .
this led ran across to the older black black .
he said , &quot; jimmy , what do you do in the cafeterias ? &quot;
the older black man stood up . he looked at the experimenter , and he looked at me , and he said , &quot; i &apos;m going to come here to say this young man , don &apos;t lose the goal from the eyes . don &apos;t give up . &quot;
i &apos;ve come to ted , because i think many of you have understood that the moral pendulum of the universe is far away , but that it &apos;s justice .
that as humans , we &apos;re not fully designed as long as we don &apos;t care about human rights and health care .
that our survival lives are connected to survival every single day .
that we need our visions of technology and design , between entertainment and creativity , with humanity , compassion and justice .
and most of all , i want to share with you one that you see , just just say , don &apos;t lose the goal from the eyes . don &apos;t give up .
you have in this audience , this community , an obvious desire , and he &apos;s heard to help you and do something .
what can we do ?
homaro cantu : well , there &apos;s possibilities everywhere .
if you live in california , there &apos;s a trickiness that &apos;s going on in this spring where it &apos;s about , actually , a effort to companies , something from the smartest of the punishment that &apos;s going to be in the politics of punishment .
here , in california , for example , in the next five years , you &apos;re going to have a billion dollars for a death sentence , a billion dollars a year .
and yet , 46 percent of the world &apos;s oil doesn &apos;t end up with one of them .
56 percent of all the people come out of this .
here &apos;s the opportunity to do something .
this is a process that &apos;s going to suggest to invest money in more safe and security .
i think there are opportunities there .
over the last three decades , the u.s. health industry has been tremendously declining .
this fact is often becoming a relationship with increased productivity .
what would you tell someone who believes that ?
well , in fact , the number of classrooms don &apos;t change very much .
most of the educational industry in this country didn &apos;t really work in the class of the day .
it was the drug trade department against the drugs .
that &apos;s why the dramatic numbers come in in a prisoner &apos;s lap .
we made ourselves off of the rhetoric of the punishment .
now we &apos;ve got &quot; the internet competition &quot; that allows people to keep people in front of them , for a source of value for the theft of good good , instead that you force them to give things out of the sacrifice .
i think we need to do more , to help people who have become victims of a mass disease , not less .
and i think that our current data doesn &apos;t help anybody .
i think that &apos;s what we need to change .
ok , you actually have to put a string here .
they are a inspirational personality .
thank you for ted . thank you .
bin laden has a increased increase with death .
two : famine in somalia , three : spray the police .
mandarin : malignant invasive . a five : dangerous dangerous .
six : social degradation : seven : 65 dead .
eight : eight . 9 : 11 .
different speakers : mass destruction . mass weapons . tornado .
recession . gridlock . sorry . egypt . syria .
crisis . death . disaster .
oh my god .
so these are just a few of these clips that i &apos;ve collected over the last six months -- but it could have been the last six days , or the last six years .
the fact is that media may prefer to show us negative subjects because our minds have exactly the same attention .
and there &apos;s a very good reason for this .
every second every day , our senses begin to change a lot more information than our brain can ever process .
and because we &apos;re not more important than our survival , the first stop stop for all the information in the stream , the amygdala .
so the amygdala is our early detection system , our engineering system .
it &apos;s translated and putting all the information on the search for any kind of primordial activity in our environment .
so when we see the news , we prefer to look at negative news .
and the old adage , when it comes down , is increasing , and it &apos;s very true .
now , with all of our digital devices that seven days a week , 24 hours a week , all of these negative news , it &apos;s not a miracle that we are pessimistic .
it &apos;s not a miracle that everybody thinks it &apos;s still worse .
but maybe that &apos;s not the case .
maybe that &apos;s the reality .
perhaps the tremendous progress that we &apos;ve done in the last century through a series of forces is so strong that it will be possible in the next three decades to create a world of abundance .
well , i &apos;m not saying that we don &apos;t have big problems -- climate crisis , water systems , water water -- and we have already .
and as humans , we &apos;re much better at dealing with problems in a very long way , but then they end up at the end of the world .
let &apos;s look at what we &apos;ve done in the last century , so we can predict the development .
in the last 100 years , the average lifespan is more than doubled , inflation , which is called inflation , the world &apos;s population has tripled .
child mortality has fallen around a tenth .
and the result is that , in fact , the productivity effects and the communication effects and the communication costs have increased dramatically .
steve pinker has shown us that we are now living in a very peaceful time .
and according to charles law , the world &apos;s population has been 25 percent up at 25 percent in the last 130 years .
we live in a really extraordinary time .
and many people forget this .
and we increase our expectations all the time .
in fact , we &apos;ve redefined poverty .
remember , a large percentage of americans who live under poverty poverty have access to electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile phones , cars and cars .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the earth of the earth , could never have been able to dream like this .
the basis of a lot of these technologies are producing technologies , and these plants grow .
so my good friend ray kurzweil has shown us that every tool that is information to information technology is based on the curve of moore &apos;s law , and the majority of all the 12 to 24 months doubled .
that &apos;s why the mobile phone costs about a million times less and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the &apos; 70s .
now look at this curve .
this is moore &apos;s law for the last hundred years .
notice two things at that curve .
first of all , how smooth it is -- in good things in bad times , war or peace , recession , depression and depression .
this is the result of faster computers , which build faster computers .
it slowed down to none of our big problems .
also , despite your logarithmic disk on the left side , it &apos;s up .
so the growth rate is accelerating .
and on this curve , on the back of moore &apos;s law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies that are available to each other .
&quot; agile , &quot; something that my friends are autodesk in autodesk , &quot; sensors , networks , networks , 3d printer , which allow you to democratize the personal production on our planet , synthetic biology , drugs , drugs , food , artificial medicine , drugs and artificial intelligence .
how many of you have seen the victory of the trivial supercomputer of watson speaking to &quot; risk ? &quot;
that was big .
i took the papers back and went to the best headlines i could find .
i love this : &quot; watson &apos;s human human enemy . &quot;
&quot; risk &quot; is not a simple game .
it &apos;s about understanding the nuances of language .
imagine that these artificial intelligence would be every one of the owners .
four years ago , ray kurzweil , and i &apos;m here in ted a new university called singularity university .
we bring our students all together , and we focus on how these applications can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
and every year , we &apos;re going to ask the students , companies , products and services that can make a difference in the lives of billions of people in a decade .
think about that a group of students today can impact the lives of billions of people today .
30 years ago , this might have been ridiculous .
today we can go to dozens of companies who have done this exactly .
when i think of creating abundance , then i don &apos;t mean a life full of luxury for everyone on this planet ; it &apos;s about making a life full of opportunities .
it &apos;s about producing goods for tens of goods .
scarcity is the most powerful , and technology is a resources of the power of power .
here &apos;s an example .
this is the story of saint augustine in the 18th century .
he &apos;s the guy on the left .
he &apos;s invited the king of man &apos;s dinner to dinner .
the soldiers who were soldiers were elected , who were even beaten up himself .
the king of man &apos;s war got killed .
aluminum was at the time of the most precious metal on the planet , valuable than gold and industrial growth .
this is why the dome of the monkey &apos;s made made of aluminum .
even though aluminum grows up percent percent of the food sector , it &apos;s not as pure metal .
it &apos;s connected by oxygen and oxygen systems .
but then the technology of the technology technology developed , and made it so cheap , that we use it with our transportation system .
then let &apos;s take this analogy back into the future .
we are thinking today today .
ladies and gentlemen , we &apos;re living on a planet that &apos;s worth more energy than we consume every year .
16 refined energy , all of the 88 minutes of energy on the earth &apos;s surface .
it &apos;s not the scarcity ; the problem is free .
and there &apos;s good news .
this year , for the first time , it &apos;s been able to reduce the cost of solar energy in india to 50 percent of the millennium consumption -- 2,000 rupees in comparison compared to 17 rupees .
the cost of solar energy was last 50 percent last year .
last month , this is published by a study that shows that until the end of this decade in the sunny areas of the united states , there &apos;s six cents per gallon , compared to 15 cents in the national average .
and if we &apos;ve got a carbon spill , we also have water in abundance .
let &apos;s talk about superstar culture .
remember , carl sagan , in the case of 1990 , when it was on saturn , was back back to earth ?
he took a famous photo . what was it ?
a &quot; blue blue cycle . &quot;
because we live on a live life .
we live on a planet that &apos;s 70 percent covered in water .
yes , it &apos;s a percent percent of saltwater , two percent of them are obese , and we &apos;re fighting against 0.5 percent of the water on the planet , but there &apos;s hope there .
and there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
they &apos;re new breeding points on the way , they go away .
and from a conversation today , with dean ornish , one of the innovators of it , i want to share with you -- -- i gave me permission -- his name , which is called the &quot; iliad , &quot; and which many of you may have heard about . it &apos;s the size of a football machine .
it can create a thousand gallons of clean drinking water a day from different sources -- whether it &apos;s saltwater , polluted water , latrine -- and all of that for less than two cents a gallon .
the director of coca-cola has just been able to launch a big amount of units with a hundred units in the developing world .
and if everything is good , and i &apos;m very confident , coca-cola will use global technology in global countries around the planet .
this is an innovation innovation that is there today .
and we &apos;ve seen this in mobile phones .
you know , my goodness , we &apos;re going to get the 70 percent of your mobile phones in developing countries to the end of 2013 .
just remember that a computer cell with a cell phone in the middle of kenya has a better health system than an reagan reagan 25 years ago .
and if you look at your smartphone on google , you have more access to knowledge and information than president clinton 15 years ago .
they live in a world that has information and communication in abundance , like no one ever has to predict .
and it &apos;s better , the things that you and i &apos;ve spent several thousand dollars -- gps , ubiquity and images , libraries of books and music , technology medical medical , and actually make the wind and cheaper in your mobile phone .
and the best thing to do is , what &apos;s expected in health care ?
in the last month , i &apos;ve been enjoying the pleasure with what we call the $ 10 million million x x prize prize award .
we ask teams around the world to connect all these technologies together in a mobile phone that you can talk to the device , because it &apos;s equipped with ai , you can test or use your test test .
and to win , the device has to take a better diagnosis than a team of doctors physicians .
imagine this device -- in the middle of a developing country where there are no doctors , but 25 percent of the country and the 1.3 percent of the staff of health care .
if this device is sequenced a computer or a crane , which is not known , it &apos;s called the disease disease and prevent a pandemic before her outbreak .
but now the biggest force that will lead us to a world of abundance .
i call them &quot; the next billion . &quot;
the white lines are population .
we &apos;ve just gone out of the sky .
and by the way , the largest health system against a population population is a better education and food throughout the world .
in 2010 , we &apos;ve been able to connect with two billion people online .
by 2020 , we &apos;re going to move away from two to five billion units of consumption .
three billion new minds we &apos;ve never heard before are going to connect to global communication .
what do these people need ?
what will they consume ? what will you want ?
and instead of the entire standstill , i see one of the greatest economic shifts of history .
these people represent several trillion dollars that will flow into the global economy .
and they &apos;re going to get healthier , and they &apos;re going to get better in the way that they work , and they &apos;re going to be able to use the opportunity , 3d printers and use physical computing , and so much more productive than ever before .
so what can three billion growing , healthy , educated , productive members of the world &apos;s population can bring us ?
how about a set of new , never before the voices of the world .
how about it , the oppressed , wherever you are to give a voice to make attention , to make sense , for the first time ?
what will these three billion people bring ?
how about the amount of information that we can &apos;t even predict ?
one of the things that i learned from the x prize is that small teams that are going to motivate us and passion , can create extraordinary things , things that the big companies and governments could only be able to do in the past .
i want to conclude with a story that really excites me .
there &apos;s a program that may be familiar with some of you .
it &apos;s a game called foldit solved .
it was developed at the university of washington in seattle .
and it &apos;s a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids to explore how the protein is developing .
we &apos;re able to predict the structure and function of the behavior .
and this is very important in the design industry .
so there was a problem with supercomputer .
and this game was played by university and etc .
and it &apos;s now hundreds of thousands of people who play the game online .
and it turns out that today , the human pattern pattern better improving the protein origami as the best supercomputer .
and when these people came and looked at who &apos;s the best world in the world , it wasn &apos;t a rocket service , and it was not a school designer , it was somebody from england , manchester , a woman who was working in the u.n. of the u.n. &apos;s chief professor , and at the time of the world &apos;s best car-sharing .
ladies and gentlemen , which gives me enormous trust in our future is the fact that we have more power than individuals to confront us with the big challenges of our planet .
we have access to access to exponential technology .
we have the passion of a joke .
we have the capital of the oil industry .
and we have three billion new minds we can work online online , to have the new challenges , and to do what it needs .
we expect a few extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i think we need to have something against a long-term piece of medical culture .
and i think it &apos;s with a medical doctor , and i am .
and maybe i have been long enough in the business than i can allow you to give a piece of my own wrong blog to make this happen .
before i come to the actual theme of my talk , let &apos;s start with a little baseball .
hey , why not ?
we are the closest close , and we &apos;re moving to the world cup .
we all love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
&quot; buddhist &quot; seems soon , and it turns out to take statistics and to use this to make a great baseball team .
i &apos;m going to get some of the statistics that i hope most of you have heard about .
it &apos;s the most talkative of the design .
we talk about a 300 when a bat tolls .
that means the player is safe three to 10 beats .
this is what the ball would pick up , and he &apos;s coming up , he &apos;s not going to get caught , and who would try to throw the ball to the first base , don &apos;t put it in time , and he had been in time .
three out of 10th .
do you know how to call a computer call in a called baseball baseball ?
all right , really good , maybe a good one .
do you know what a call call ?
that &apos;s one of the things that can be four out of 10 by the rest of the day .
it was -- like ted williams was -- the last professor of baseball players who met during a season season over 400 times .
let &apos;s take back back to my world of medicine , where i &apos;m feeling more comfortable about it , or maybe a little bit less likely to talk to you about that .
suppose you &apos;ve got a 3d test , and you &apos;re going to have a little 50 minutes , and it &apos;s 400 times more likely to do .
somehow , that doesn &apos;t work , right ?
suppose you were living in a certain remote area , and you &apos;ve got a beloved man with a hook , and you &apos;d get her paws on this one , which is a child who &apos;s sleeping at the age of 200 .
but , you know what ?
it &apos;s a lot better . that &apos;s a bit of a branch of a branch .
and she &apos;s going to pick up a joint .
somehow it doesn &apos;t work .
but i &apos;ll ask you a question .
and what do you think the world is supposed to be for a or a nurse or a nurse or a doctor , a supposed to be a leader ?
1,000 , very good .
the truth is that nobody in all the medicine knows what a good surgeon or a doctor or a doctor should be .
but what we &apos;re doing is that every single one of them , including me , in the world , is going to be perfect in the world .
never make a mistake , no one &apos;s going to do a little bit of the details of how to do this .
and this is the message i took in medical school .
i was a conservationist of a student .
in high school , a group of women said that brian was going to learn for a test company .
and it did .
and i learned in my little school team in the puzzle of toronto , the hospital in general , in the middle of this .
i learned about everything .
in my graduate school , i learned the origins and tail every single day , every branch of every single artery , which would fall from the aorta , the same and the ordinary general .
i even knew how to do the research model for the most unusual philharmonic philharmonic in the body .
and i used to get more and more and more and more .
and i was good , and i was running down with a scrap store .
and i left medical school with the impression that i knew all of it and knew everything about it , or at least as much as possible , as far as possible as possible , that i was immune to the mistake of mistake .
and it worked for a long time until i met a printer .
i &apos;m in front of a professor here in toronto , as a woman printer , to me in the hospital hospital hospital .
at that point , i was sent out to the chairman of the service service in the service service .
and it was my assignment when the advice of the advice of the advice , looking at the university of research .
and let &apos;s get feedback to my favorite point .
i studied a printer , and she was in southern afghanistan .
and when i tune to her , they made sounds of sounds .
and when i was driving her breast surgery , i could hear a dark sound on both sides , which told me that she was suffering under heart failure .
this is a condition in which the heart fails , instead of releasing all of the blood , putting a part of the blood vessels in the lungs , and that &apos;s what they came up with , and that &apos;s why the oil industry came out .
and that wasn &apos;t a very hard diagnosis .
i hired them and made me care of the treatment .
i gave her a ph.d. camera . i gave her medicine to take the heart of the heart .
i gave her medicine that we call a call of water , water pills , so that you &apos;re cutting the liquid .
and over a period of a year and a half to two hours , she began to feel better .
i felt really good .
and then i made my first mistake ; i sent her home .
actually , i made two mistakes .
i sent them back to home without talking to me .
i didn &apos;t take on on them , and i did what i would have , which was a phone call at my favorite time , and he would have a chance that he had a chance to make a own picture .
and he knew , he would have been able to put additional information to her .
maybe i did it for good reason .
maybe i wouldn &apos;t want to be the doctor &apos;s doctor .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so responsible to take the responsibility that i was like , and i would have been able to worry about my patients without having to contact it .
my second mistake was worse .
so i sent her home , i put a quiet voice in my mind , which was trying to say to me , &quot; goldman , no idea . don &apos;t do that . &quot;
in fact , there was so much to me that i was looking at the nurse , and i asked the nurse , who was doing a wonderful printer , &quot; do you think it &apos;s okay when you go home ? &quot;
and the nurse thought about it , and he said , &quot; yeah , i think it &apos;s going to be good . &quot;
i remember that before it was yesterday .
so i went up and got the ambulance , and an ambulance and the ambulance and then brought them home .
and i went back to work .
and the rest of the day , the night , i had this deep feeling in my stomach .
but i continued to work .
and at the end of the day , i packed my stuff , dungeon was the hospital , and i went into the parking car to go home with a car when i did something that i didn &apos;t do .
i went from my home home to my home home .
and there was another one of the nurses , and he was not looking for a baby printer , but one of three three words to me , and these three words fear most of the most popular ones i know .
other doctors are afraid of this as well , but it &apos;s very special , because we see the patients just as close .
three words : do you remember ?
&quot; do you remember the patients that you thought you &apos;d take before ? &quot;
asked the nurse .
&quot; so she &apos;s back , &quot; she said in this particular tin .
so she was back .
she was back and dying .
about an hour after she came to home , after i sent her home , the family called 911 , and the students sent them back on the front of her with a blood pressure with 50 , which is a dangerous troublemaker .
she barely breathe and was blue .
it &apos;s made all of these strands .
they gave her their fingertips .
they put them on the edge of town .
i was shocked , and i went into the inner river .
and i went through this rollercoaster , because she went to the prison department on the intensive care room , and i hoped that they would recover .
and after two , three days , she realized that she would never get back again .
she didn &apos;t have an emergency ceremony .
their family got together .
and over the course of the next eight or nine days , they went to the storm .
on the day day , they &apos;re going to walk them -- a printer , a woman , a mother and grandmother .
you &apos;re saying you &apos;re never going to forget the names of the world that never forget .
and that was the first time i found this myself .
the next couple of weeks , i asked myself , and i first found the junk of shame that exists in our medical culture -- i felt alone , isolated , not the kind of healthy shame you feel because you can &apos;t talk to the colleagues .
you all know the healthy shame , if you get a secret to the best friend , even though this is going to go up to the screen , and then you get a great discussion , and if you get a bad discussion , and if you get a bad discussion , you &apos;re going to do it again .
if you don &apos;t make any mistakes , you can never make the mistake again .
this is the kind of high-tech shame .
the junk kind of junk i &apos;m talking about is the one that &apos;s going to do a very sick operation .
it &apos;s the one who says , that &apos;s not what you &apos;re doing is bad , but that you &apos;re bad .
and that was what i felt .
and it wasn &apos;t on my point of mine , he was very happy .
he was talking to the family , and i &apos;m sure that he had picked up the kidney waves and made sure that i wouldn &apos;t be sued .
but i asked myself these questions .
why didn &apos;t i ask the doctor ? why did i take her home ?
and then in my worst moments : how could i make such a stupid mistake ?
why did i go to medicine ?
but slowly , it would take it .
i started feeling better .
and then on a day of a day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun broke up , and i said , maybe i could feel better again .
and i was with me that if i took my efforts to the perfection , and never ever hit a mistake that the voice could be imagined .
and she did .
and i continued to work .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i went to service in the hospital hospital in a dry hospital north north of toronto and i emailed a 25 old old man .
it was a lot of work and i was in a hurry .
he always showed up here .
i looked into the closet , and it was a little bit pink .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent it to him .
and yet , when he went out of the door , he showed him on his doorstep .
two days later , i came to my next hero , and my mother asked me to talk to her in a office .
and she said three words : do you remember ?
&quot; do you remember looking at the patient with the premises ? &quot;
and it turns out he was a hallucination .
he had a potentially impossible disease called brain disease .
you can do this , but it &apos;s not an infection from the bottom , but it &apos;s going to raise the top of the ball , and we keep the door off .
and fortunately , he didn &apos;t die .
he got a military sandwich and a few days later , a few days later .
and i went through the same piece of shame and self-doubt , and i felt liberated , and i went out and went back to work , and i went back again and again .
in a pool of mine , i &apos;ve been able to miss a couple of times .
there &apos;s a lot of things there , especially when you think that you &apos;re working in a hospital that was only 14 patients per night at that time .
in both cases , i didn &apos;t send them home , and there was probably no imperfections in their treatment .
in one case , i thought he would have been scooped .
i would take the x-ray of the kidney , and if that was without a computer , i colleague my colleague at the bottom of the patient , and i put a water spill in the lower right-hand sector , and called the radio box .
the other one had a lot of diarrhea .
i went out and i went back to see him , and i asked my colleagues to evaluate him .
and that &apos;s what he did , and when he was looking at a design in the right lower sector , he called the chief petition .
and in both cases , they went down , and they were fine .
both cases came to me , got me down .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistake was just happening in the first five years , what many of my colleagues claim , but complete nonsense .
some of my favorites happened in the last five years .
alone , without having a support .
here &apos;s the problem : if i can &apos;t end up with my mistakes and talk about it , if i &apos;m going to tell the quiet voice that tells me what really couldn &apos;t find , how can i be able to share with my colleagues ?
how can i teach them my mistakes so that they don &apos;t do the same ?
if i was in a room -- like now , i have no idea what you think about me .
when did you talk about the last time of someone talking about the talking about talking about talked about football ?
oh yes , you go to a cocktail party , and you might hear about any other doctor , but you &apos;re not going to hear somebody talking about your own mistakes .
if i was in a room full of colleagues and to ask your immediate support , and start to tell you what i told you about , i would not get to the end of the second story before they were really uncomfortable , and anybody would be able to forget the story .
and in fact , if i or or my colleagues knew that a student in my hospital would have lost the wrong leg , then i think i had a lot of problems to look at him in the eyes .
that &apos;s the system we live in .
it &apos;s totally denial of mistakes .
it &apos;s a system where there are two basic positions -- those who make mistakes and those who don &apos;t do -- the ones who have ambiguous quality and the ones that have the results of the results , and with the results of the results , and with the results of good results .
it &apos;s just an ideological response like antibodies that attack people .
and there &apos;s the idea that if we are the ones who make mistakes out of medicine , that we give us a secure system .
but there are two problems .
in my about 20 years of medical health and journalism , i created a personal medical study about medical mistakes and false treatments to make all of me possible for one of my first articles i &apos;m for to the toronto star , &quot; white white , black type . &quot;
and what i learned is that mistakes are absolutely ambiguous .
we &apos;re working in a system in every single day where every one of 10 minutes is either a false or wrong thing , in which it &apos;s always always becoming and more diverse , and it &apos;s going to cause devastation and dead or dead .
in this state , about 24,000 canadians , they were making mistakes .
in the united states , the institute for medicine took the number at 100,000 .
both of them are strong because we don &apos;t look at the problem as we should .
and this is the main line .
in a fighter where the knowledge of knowledge can take all of two to three years , we can &apos;t keep up .
arrogance is ubiquitous .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
we have a cognitive mistake , so that we can take a perfect target for a patient with chest chest .
and then i take the same patient with a hook , and i put it off , and i put it out , and it gives you a little bit of breathing breath , and suddenly it &apos;s a story that &apos;s related to contempt .
i don &apos;t take the same course .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i don &apos;t always do things right now .
and my patients are not cars ; they don &apos;t always tell me their symptoms in the same way .
all of these are basically inevitable .
so if you take that system , how i &apos;ve been taught it , and all of the things that are edited out , it &apos;s no more left at the end .
and do you know the people who are talking about people who don &apos;t want to talk about their worst cases ?
in my show , white white , black type , i have the habit to say , &quot; this is my worst mistake , i would go to everybody from the head of the street , &quot; that &apos;s my worst mistake : blah , blah , blah , blah , blah , &quot; what &apos;s with your microphone ?
and then your pupils grow , they &apos;ve taken out of the head , and they look down , and they &apos;re hard enough , and they start to tell their stories .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share their stories .
you want to be able to say , &quot; look , don &apos;t make the same mistakes i &apos;m going to do . &quot;
what you need is a environment where you put it in the position .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the consumer surgeon is a human man , knows about his humanity , accepted it &apos;s not proud of making mistakes , but all of a sudden it &apos;s going to learn to learn from them so that it can be passed .
it divides their experience with others .
they encourage them to talk about their mistakes .
and she shows other people &apos;s mistakes , not to the rest of it , but in a supportive , supportive way that all of them benefit .
and she works in a medical culture that recognizes that people live the system with life , and if it &apos;s like that , people also make mistakes from time to time .
so the system is developing to create operational mechanisms that make it easier to find errors that people are capable of , and it &apos;s also enabling us to create supportive spaces that anyone who &apos;s watching the healthcare system , which is actually going to be able to be able to be able to be able to do a lot of spaces , which are going to be a lot of reward .
my name is brian goldman sachs .
i &apos;m the mainstream surgeon .
i &apos;m a human . i make mistakes .
but i &apos;m a geneticist , but i &apos;m trying to learn best possible to make it different .
i don &apos;t know what they &apos;re holding me , but i can live with that .
let me close with three of my own words : i remember .
i &apos;m going to talk about a tiny , little idea .
it &apos;s about vera flying around .
and because you can explain this idea in a minute , i &apos;ll tell you three stories before to use the time .
the first story is charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you know that he was there , he was there .
you might think it &apos;s eaten , but it &apos;s not true .
in fact , he collected fish .
he described one of them as a &quot; normal . &quot;
it was a business game .
in the &apos; 80s , he was diving in great style .
it &apos;s now emerging species in the red list .
this is a story that we &apos;ve heard many times from the galapagos or from other places , it &apos;s not very special .
yet we still get to the galapagos .
we still think they &apos;re originally .
the warning patterns still describe them as pristine .
what happened here ?
the second story is a different concept , which is the engineering model , the point of view .
because i experienced it when i was in a lagoon in 1971 .
i went there because i grew up in europe , and i wanted to work in africa .
i thought i could integrate myself .
and i got a bad mistake , and i was convinced that i really didn &apos;t know .
it was my first thing .
as you can see , the lagoon was covered in southern asia and a few mangroves .
there was a couple of inches of about 20 inches , north school , one of the most popular of the world .
and the most prolific of these industries were very repetitive , and the fishermen lived good , and they used to be more productive in ghana as well .
when i got back 27 years later , the fish had shrunk to half the size of its size .
grown rates are 5 centimeters .
they were genetically modified .
there were still fish .
people were still happy .
and the fish also was fortunate enough to be there .
so nothing has changed , and yet it changed .
my third little story tells me about my favorite technology in the u.s. church , in southeast asia .
in the &apos; 70s , at the beginning of the &apos; 60s -- north europe , many of the world &apos;s population was happening .
it was meant to include countries that had 100 thousand fish , the industrial fishing of this pretty ugly ship called the fourth 4 ship .
i went on and on , and we made bumps on the entire southern sea ocean and specifically in the field of life .
we had no words for what we started there .
i know that it was the bottom of the ocean .
90 percent of our favorites were sponges , other animals that are connected to the cause .
the biggest part of the fish , the little dots there on the rubble , were in front of the bed , they were in front of them .
essentially the bottom of the ocean turned on , and then it became more energy-efficient .
these images are extraordinary , because the transition goes very fast .
within a year , you take a survey , and then it starts with the commercial fishing .
the reason is going to change . and in this case -- a hard reason or soft corals will eat crap crap .
this is a dead turtle .
they didn &apos;t eat , they threw them away because they were dead .
once we started alive .
she wasn &apos;t left yet .
then they wanted to kill them , because they could eat them good .
in fact , this mountain of rubble are accumulated together every day , when they go into areas where they have never been fish .
but it &apos;s not going to document .
we change the world , but we don &apos;t remember it .
we fit our own level of our new level , and we don &apos;t tell ourselves what was there .
if you look at it , this is what happens .
on the y-axis is a couple of good things : biodiversity , number of the root systems , the green of your country , the main market .
over time , it changes . it changes , because for people , their actions are naturally natural .
every generation looks at the images that you &apos;re doing at the beginning of their conscious life , as standard , and all of that comes from that .
the difference is going to be a loss .
but they don &apos;t take the previous losses .
there can be a order of changes .
and at the end , they just want to get the remains remains .
that &apos;s largely our goal now .
we want to get things that are gone or things that are not more like they were .
now you could think that the problem of people who were sure that they were living in the societies of living , animals , and they were just understood by a few generations , what they had done .
because obviously it &apos;s an animal that has been very often known , just before before it came out .
so you don &apos;t lose a lot of animals .
you always lose rare animals .
and that &apos;s why it &apos;s not going to be a big loss .
at the time , we &apos;re focusing on the big animals and the sea , which is the big fish .
they &apos;re getting killed because they &apos;re catching them .
there &apos;s little fish left over time , and we think that &apos;s the most important thing .
the question is , why do people accept that ?
well because they don &apos;t know it was different .
of course , many people , scientists , confirm that it &apos;s really different .
they will confirm it because the evidence in which they are in a previous form , they &apos;re not as much as they want to describe the evidence .
so , for example , there &apos;s an anecdote that the report of a project project that &apos;s going to be very large in the neighborhood , can &apos;t be used , or not usually , because it &apos;s not a science game , because it &apos;s not a scientific term .
so we have the situation that people don &apos;t know the past , even though we live in sophisticated societies , because they don &apos;t trust the sources of the past .
this shows the enormously large role that can live a marine reserve .
because by marine areas , we basically put the past back again .
we &apos;re going to bring the past back to people who can &apos;t understand people , because they have changed the power , and very low .
so you can see the people who see a marine reserve and that benefit from the insight that it allows to make their own white mass .
what about the people that are not possible because they have no access -- people in the middle of the west ?
and here , i think , the art and the film may actually fill the gap , and simulations .
this is the simulation of chesapeake bay .
it was there before a hundred years ago -- 500 years ago .
and you can remember , and you can remember , &quot; avatar , &quot; and maybe you can remember it . &quot;
if you think about &quot; avatar , &quot; if you think about why the people are being touched by this -- besides the idea of the reason , why were they so overwhelmed with the world ?
because it was something that was lost in a way .
so my suggestion , the only one i &apos;m going to give , is cameron , so it &apos;s called &quot; flapping ii , &quot; underwater .
thank you .
in the &apos; 80s , in the communist jungle , you had to see if you had a typewriter , in the government , in the government .
they also had to put a sheet of paper out of this typewriter .
the reason for that is , the government could drop back , where a text came from .
if they had a paper article with a computer scanner , they could detect the creator of this thought .
and in the west , we couldn &apos;t understand how anyone could do something , and how much that would have been the freedom of freedom of freedom .
in our own countries , we would never do something like that .
but today , in the year of 2011 , if you &apos;re going to buy a new school sample from the leading software industry and put one page , this side of light is on the side of every page , in a pattern , which shows the page clearly to you and put your printer in front of them .
this is happening today .
and nobody doesn &apos;t seem to see anything like that .
and this was an example of how our own governments are dealing with the technology against us , the citizens .
and this is one of the three blessings of the world today .
let &apos;s look at what &apos;s really happening in the world : we can split the attacks in categories .
we have three main stages .
there are hypertext stations .
for example here , this is mr. drake &apos;s books from ukraine in ukraine .
and the motives of horror are very easy to understand .
these people deserve money .
they use a lot of money to make a lot of money , a huge bunch of money .
there are several known cases of the people who have taken their money from attacks , which they have saved their money from attacks .
and this is clonal footage from the northeast of germany in estonia .
that &apos;s alfred sharpe .
stephen watt .
radioactive assistant instructor .
this is matthew anderson , mister energetic bangoora , and so on and so forth .
these people are available to wealth , but they &apos;ve made it illegal to use them to use money out of our own drugs , while we &apos;re going to do our work , or even the ones that we &apos;ve collected on the computer , and we &apos;re going to go through a regular computer online .
the u.s. intelligence agency , two months ago , took the swiss presentation by mr. sam jain here , and on account account of a million dollars dollars when it was frozen .
mr. jain itself is on free foot , which is unknown .
and i want to argue that it &apos;s more likely to be victims of a vaccine as a crime in the real world .
and it &apos;s very obvious that this is just going to be worse .
in the future , most crime are played online .
the second largest fleet of energy we can observe today are not motivated by money .
they &apos;re motivated by something else -- protests , one opinion , or through your audience .
groups like anonymous are driven by the last 12 months , and they have become one of the most effective ones in the field of northern europe .
so these are the three panels : the criminals that do it in the money , the anonymous behavior that anonymous , but the last group are nations , governments that lead to attacks , governments that lead attacks .
there are cases of us coming out like this .
it shows the model what happens when governments reach their own citizens .
aluminum flares are a netherlands from the netherlands -- or that &apos;s what it was .
in the last fall , it had to be stopped because it had been hacked .
somebody had been hacked and had invented the system seriously .
and last week in a meeting with dutch university , i asked one of the senior students to ask whether he could do it for possible , because of the people who had died .
and his answer was &quot; yes . &quot;
now , how dying people are one of those hacks ?
ataturk is a shoe game .
they sell mister splashy pants .
what do you do with sex workers ?
now , a certificate , you &apos;re going to take a website with a hook , with a service service , for example , gmail .
now , we all use , or many of us , gmail or one of their competitors , but these services are particularly common in the united states , like iran , where dissidents is based on the other parties as gmail , because they know that they can trust more than the local government .
but if you go into a foreign crisis .
fake hack and fake fake papers have come out .
and that &apos;s exactly what happened in the 1918 case .
how about the arab spring and the things that happened in egypt ?
well , in egypt , the coldest seller in april 2011 , the headquarters headquarters in the egyptian soviet bloc , and then they found a lot of records .
and in this records , a folder was called &quot; totalitarian . &quot;
and in this folder , there were a bunch of germany in germany , which had the egyptian government sold a few programs that they could -- in very large scales -- could share any communication of egyptian citizens .
they had sold this program for sold euros to the egyptian government .
it &apos;s right here .
so western government governments governments protect governments with their own citizens to do their own citizens .
but western governments also help themselves .
for example , in germany , just a few weeks ago , what we found is called a computer factory , which was used by german cricket , which was used by german murder to take their own citizens .
if you &apos;re going to be in a pool of water , you &apos;re pretty good at the phone .
but today we &apos;re far beyond this .
they tap into their social connection .
they use the way they use them to use their computer with a football system , which allows them to monitor their entire communication , their blood bank , to collect their own assets .
so if we think about things like this , the obvious answer to people is , &quot; ok , that sounds bad , but it doesn &apos;t matter to me because i &apos;m a senior citizen .
i don &apos;t have to worry .
i don &apos;t have anything to hide . &quot;
and that argument doesn &apos;t make sense .
privacy is supposed to be .
privacy is not the debate .
it &apos;s not a decision between privacy and security .
it &apos;s a decision between freedom and control .
and while we &apos;re today today , 2011 , our governments may trust , but every one we &apos;re going to do is forever be polite .
and trust us , trust ourselves from a future government , a government that we might have in 50 years ?
these are the questions that we have to do for the next 50 years .
it may seem strange to me , but i &apos;m a big fan of grassroots sharks .
the first offshore design has been made , and it &apos;s made a simple idea : modules that have modules in cement with higher measurements that fit .
it became very fast in the world &apos;s population , very quickly , in the world .
they gave us able to build things that were bigger than us , buildings , bridges , a rock after the other .
in essence , the production of the day was becoming a block block of our time .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , lego came out of this .
it was called the automatically called stone rock .
and within a few years , lego in the household took a place .
it &apos;s estimated that over 400 billion stones have been produced -- or 75 stones for every person on this planet .
they don &apos;t have to be an engineer to make beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
lego made it for all of you .
lego basically consists of the cardboard block , the building block of the world , and made it a building block for our imagination .
in the meantime , in the same year at bell labs the next revolution , the next building block .
the transistor was a little bit of a brain that was helping us from a world of static , building building blocks to a world that was all interactive .
and as a result of that , the transistor allows us to build much more complex and more sophisticated cycles , a stone after the other .
but there &apos;s a key one : the transistor was only for experts .
and i personally don &apos;t accept that the building block of our time is reserved , and therefore i decided to change that .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i began to explore this idea of how to make the engineers of the engineers in the hand of artists and designers .
a couple of years ago , i began to develop engineering research .
let me show you how they work .
silks are the modules that have a specific function .
they &apos;re more , very light , light , sound , engine and sensor .
and the best thing is , they connect with magnets .
you can &apos;t put them wrong with them .
the rocks are flashing .
green is one , blue is electricity , pink is input and orange is cable .
so all you have to do is connect a blue and a green one , and they &apos;re going to build a lot of bigger structure .
you add a blue blue to a green , and you can make light .
they can put a switch between them and so they built a little balloon structure .
take the switch out to a laser sponge that &apos;s here , floating , and they &apos;ve done a little bit of plastic .
add these extra points for an extra effect on it , and they &apos;ve made a dna tag .
i will stop that .
on the simple play , it &apos;s actually quite powerful .
instead of having , you know , you have to code or design or measure , you can allow them to program simple , intuitive gestures .
so to speed it up or speed it down , you just turn on this button , and it &apos;s going to push the momentum faster or slower .
the idea behind cybercrime is that it &apos;s a growing library .
we want to get every single interaction on this world in a bright rock .
lights , notes , tablets , motors -- everything should be available .
we &apos;ve collected kids out of children and see them playing .
and it was an incredible experience .
the most beautiful thing is , how do you begin to understand the electronics that you &apos;re trying to see in the everyday lives , and they don &apos;t learn in school .
like , for example , a computer system works , or why the doors of the world &apos;s mouth , or like a ipod responds to a touch .
we also have upgraded the production market .
so for example , we had designer designers with no kind of experience in electronic things that they began to play with material material as a material .
so here we see , with wooden boards , paper and water bottles , like nitrous oxide ...
a couple of weeks ago , we gave up risd , and we gave them some designers who had no technical experience -- just box , wood and paper -- and they said , &quot; do something . &quot;
here &apos;s an example of a project that they did , a ct scan .
but wait , this is really my favorite thing .
it &apos;s a hummer from play-dough , fear in the dark .
and for that kind of permian , another plant material was also another material , electronics was just going to get another material .
and we want to get this material for all available .
so , open source is open source .
you can go on the website , all the download file download and make it yourself .
we want to world the world of creators , the inventor , to encourage people , because this world that we live in , this interactive world , belongs to us .
so pull it out and start to invent it .
thank you .
